
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3579897000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105397                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34252784                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   185818                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              377300106                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1763067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003580                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3579897000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            268143                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1763067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      133575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           233                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1323466                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3579886                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3579886                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1413559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              720026                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       230507                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  49579                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         49579                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                49916                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1725244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1725244                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2893034                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1324928                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        161704                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     133573                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      1.89%      1.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1566516     88.85%     90.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.06%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.01%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.01%     90.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.01%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      1.59%     92.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      4.80%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.01%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              48966      2.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1763168                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            261                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8370                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    443422000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    477346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    443422000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    477346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         8631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.969760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.969760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56863.554758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57030.585424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56863.554758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57030.585424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427826000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    460606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427826000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    460606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54863.554758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55030.585424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54863.554758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55030.585424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   180                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    443422000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    477346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         8631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.969760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56863.554758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57030.585424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427826000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.969760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54863.554758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55030.585424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1983.252978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.055556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   431.821916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1551.431062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.023673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.030262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          843                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5519                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1734                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.124969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            24226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           24226                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1322713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1322713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1322713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1322713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1323466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1323466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1322713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1322713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1323466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.237471                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.237471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1324219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1324219                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8370                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16740                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       535680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       535680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  535680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8370000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           44203500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          499072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              535680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10225993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          139409598                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              149635590                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10225993                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10225993                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10225993                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         139409598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             149635590                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7798.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000578500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17658                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8370                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8370                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      41845000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    41850000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                198782500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       4999.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 23749.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7349                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  87.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8370                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8370                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     525.252208                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    367.447645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    385.783985                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127            89      8.73%      8.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          234     22.96%     31.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          217     21.30%     52.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           28      2.75%     55.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           56      5.50%     61.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           22      2.16%     63.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      2.55%     65.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      1.67%     67.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          330     32.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1019                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  535680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   535680                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        149.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     149.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3579783000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      427692.11                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       499072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10225992.535539431497                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 139409597.538700133562                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7798                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    183919250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25984.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     23585.44                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     87.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4541040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2413620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32665500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      282119760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1179410940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         381492480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1882643340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         525.893158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    980302500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    119340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2480254500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2748900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1453485                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             27096300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      282119760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         346581660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1082822400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1742822505                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.835936                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2810530750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    119340000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    650026250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           153687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               153687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          153687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              153687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7925                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7925                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    570948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    578268000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    578268000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       161514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           161514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       161612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          161612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72945.956305                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72945.956305                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72967.570978                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72967.570978                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7484                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7484                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    555296000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    555296000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    562420000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562420000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70946.211831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70946.211831                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70967.823344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70967.823344                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7668                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    559460000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    559460000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       133474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         133474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73613.157895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73613.157895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544262000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544262000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71613.421053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71613.421053                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.986565                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  159563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.808946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.986565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.964791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                169536                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               169536                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530396000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    572809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530396000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    572809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            8678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           8678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.994699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.994699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67215.308579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66358.781279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67215.308579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66358.781279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    555547000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    555547000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65215.562033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64359.012975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65215.562033                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64359.012975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8947                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    530396000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    572809000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.994699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67215.308579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66358.781279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    514616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555547000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65215.562033                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64359.012975                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              483.882868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  15393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.720465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    50.636981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    48.520954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   384.724934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.098900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.094767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.751416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.945084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                25621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               25621                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 8678                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                8677                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       986112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1034304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46098000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            39620000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3579897000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19353648000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  66126                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34253468                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   124417                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              639884493                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019354                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19353648000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            411000                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1278663                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          4697                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2754268                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19353637                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19353637                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2127844                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1291454                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       373364                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1194667                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1194667                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1195004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3727474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3727474                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7471154                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2039213                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1306792                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1278661                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2423658     64.37%     65.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.03%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.74%     66.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      2.25%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1194054     31.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3765398                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            261                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        151227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       151227                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8927002000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   8960926000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8927002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   8960926000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       151488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       151488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59254.601573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59254.802383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59254.601573                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59254.802383                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        85022                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            85022                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       151227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       151227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8625692000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8658472000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8625692000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8658472000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57254.601573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57254.802383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57254.601573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57254.802383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 85691                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       151227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8927002000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8960926000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       151488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.998277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59254.601573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59254.802383                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8625692000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8658472000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57254.601573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57254.802383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        44237.660667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             171010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            85691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.995659                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   215.561629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 44022.099037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.671724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.675013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7969                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        56682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           452797                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          452797                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2753515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2753515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2753515                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2753515                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2754268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2754268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2753515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2753515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2754268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               238.749117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   238.749117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.932614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.932614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2755021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2755021                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              151227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             151227                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        85022                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       387476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       387476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 387476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     15119936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     15119936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                15119936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           576337000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          795978500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         9641920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             9678528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      5441408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          5441408                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           150655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               151227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         85022                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               85022                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1891530                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          498196516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              500088045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1891530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1891530                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       281156710                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             281156710                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       281156710                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1891530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         498196516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             781244756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     85022.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    150655.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011749170500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          5312                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          5312                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               386942                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               79971                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       151227                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       85022                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     151227                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     85022                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               9403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               9335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               9280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               9435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               9591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              9532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              9498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              9492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              9527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              9619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               5224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               5124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               5155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               5134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               5188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               5324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               5376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               5376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               5376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               5380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              5376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              5376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              5376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              5385                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              5378                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              5448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1095085250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   756135000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               3930591500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7241.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25991.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    138970                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    78914                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 151227                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 85022                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   151227                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    5313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    5313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    5313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    5313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    5313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    5313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    5313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    5313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    5313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    5312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    5312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    5312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    5312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    5312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    5312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    5312                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        18338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     824.370815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    726.880705                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    299.290627                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           334      1.82%      1.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          697      3.80%      5.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1453      7.92%     13.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          901      4.91%     18.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          837      4.56%     23.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1687      9.20%     32.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          419      2.28%     34.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          413      2.25%     36.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        11597     63.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         18338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         5312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       28.467244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.115485                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     689.733888                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047          5308     99.92%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.02%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           5312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         5312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000753                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000710                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.038804                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              5310     99.96%     99.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.04%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           5312                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 9678528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  5439744                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  9678528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               5441408                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        500.09                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        281.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     500.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     281.16                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          6.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     2.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19353584000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       81920.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      9641920                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      5439744                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1891529.700240492122                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 498196515.716313481331                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 281070731.471400082111                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       150655                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        85022                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   3915728250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 366089456250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25984.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25991.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   4305820.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              66808980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              35509815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            544460700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           224955900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1527380400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4909664790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3297346560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10606127145                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         548.016950                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8464713000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    646100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10242835000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              64131480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              34082895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            535300080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           218723220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1527380400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4062053130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4011124800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10452796005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         540.094354                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10328486500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    646100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8379061500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1153686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1153686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1153686                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1153686                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         150684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             150684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        150782                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            150782                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11483097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11483097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11490417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11490417000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1304370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1304370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1304468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1304468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.115522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.115589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76206.478458                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76206.478458                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76205.495351                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76205.495351                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          150341                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                150341                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11181731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11181731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11188855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11188855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74206.491731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74206.491731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74205.508615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74205.508615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     150525                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1125873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1125873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       150457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           150457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11471609000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11471609000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1276330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1276330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.117883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76245.099929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76245.099929                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       150457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11170697000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11170697000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74245.113222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74245.113222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.332760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1302419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                150525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.652510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.332760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1455249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1455249                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        150748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            151489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           151489                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10585403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  10627816000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10585403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  10627816000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          151535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         151535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70219.193621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70155.694473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70219.193621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70155.694473                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         150082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               150082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10283909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10324840000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10283909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10324840000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68219.206888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68155.707675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68219.206888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68155.707675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    151804                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           151489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10585403000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10627816000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         151535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70219.193621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70155.694473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10283909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10324840000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68219.206888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68155.707675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.799098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 301107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               151804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.983525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.366460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     8.975053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   488.457584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.018294                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.954019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454192                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454192                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               151535                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              151534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        150341                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       451904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  453410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     19271808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19320000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            903240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           753905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               3.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19353648000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                35492555000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  61373                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34253748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   117899                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    48.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              726093602                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5763077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.035493                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35492555000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            553858                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5763077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2423759                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9161                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4185080                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         35492544                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   35492544                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2842134                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1862886                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       516222                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2339763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2339763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2340100                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5729718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5729718                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12049306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2753503                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2451888                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2423757                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3280806     56.88%     57.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.02%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.49%     57.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      1.47%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2339150     40.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5767642                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            261                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        294085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       294085                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17775687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  17809611000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17775687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  17809611000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       294346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       294346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60561.838828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60559.399493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60561.838828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60559.399493                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       227880                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           227880                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       294085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       294085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17188661000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17221441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17188661000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17221441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58561.838828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58559.399493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58561.838828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58559.399493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                228549                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       294085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17775687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  17809611000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       294346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60561.838828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60559.399493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       294085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17188661000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17221441000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58561.838828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58559.399493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        53922.280941                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             456726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           228549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   117.543070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 53804.737871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.820995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.822789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        56686                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           881371                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          881371                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4184327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4184327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4184327                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4184327                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4185080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4185080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4184327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4184327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4185080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.317909                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.317909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.934836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.934836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4185833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4185833                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              294085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       227880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       816050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       816050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 816050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     33405760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     33405760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33405760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1433485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1547324000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        18784832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            18821440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     14584320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         14584320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           293513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               294085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        227880                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              227880                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1031428                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          529261193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              530292621                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1031428                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1031428                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       410912091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             410912091                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       410912091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1031428                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         529261193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             941204712                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    227880.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    293513.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011749170500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         14241                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         14241                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               810415                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              214383                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       294085                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      227880                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     294085                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    227880                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              18348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              18295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              18240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              18199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              18276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              18395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              18444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              18440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              18551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              18472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             18492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             18458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             18341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             18324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             18359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             18451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              14184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              14084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              14115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              14094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              14148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              14284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              14336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              14336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              14336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              14340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             14336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             14336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             14213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             14217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             14210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             14291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2513813250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1470425000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               8027907000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8547.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27297.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    270027                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   211573                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 294085                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                227880                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   294085                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   14242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   14242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   14242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   14241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   14241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   14241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   14241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   14241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   14241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   14241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   14241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   14241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   14241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   14241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   14241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   14241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        40343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     827.989589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    736.394993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    293.273349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           632      1.57%      1.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1237      3.07%      4.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3327      8.25%     12.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2158      5.35%     18.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1377      3.41%     21.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4355     10.79%     32.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          897      2.22%     34.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          891      2.21%     36.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        25469     63.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         40343                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        14241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       20.650376                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.042980                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     421.268714                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         14237     99.97%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          14241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        14241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000281                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.023701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             14239     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          14241                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                18821440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 14583040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 18821440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              14584320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        530.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        410.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     530.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     410.91                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    35492491000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       67997.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     18784832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     14583040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1031427.576853793697                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 529261192.945957243443                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 410876027.380953550339                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       293513                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       227880                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   8013043750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 765442995000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25984.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27300.47                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3358974.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             145113360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              77121990                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1052778720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           596536380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2801529120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8728309680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6278985600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         19680374850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         554.493044                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16102600750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1185080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18204874250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             142949940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              75979695                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1046988180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           592892820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2801529120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7903950030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6973183200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         19537472985                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         550.466795                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17914737500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1185080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16392737500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2153692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2153692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2153692                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2153692                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         293542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             293542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        293640                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            293640                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22760368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22760368000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22767688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22767688000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2447234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2447234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2447332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2447332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.119948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.119984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77537.006629                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77537.006629                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77536.057758                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77536.057758                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          293199                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                293199                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        293542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       293640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22173286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22173286000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22180410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22180410000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75537.013443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75537.013443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75536.064569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75536.064569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     293383                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2125879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2125879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       293315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           293315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22748880000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  22748880000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2419194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2419194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.121245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77557.847365                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77557.847365                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       293315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22162252000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22162252000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75557.854184                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75557.854184                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.090875                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2445283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                293383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.334781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.090875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2740971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2740971                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        293606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            294347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           294347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21005526000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  21047939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21005526000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  21047939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          294393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         294393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71543.245029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71507.231261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71543.245029                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71507.231261                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         292940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               292940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20418316000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20459247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20418316000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20459247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69543.251841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69507.238056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69543.251841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69507.238056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    294662                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           294347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21005526000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21047939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         294393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71543.245029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71507.231261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20418316000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20459247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69543.251841                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69507.238056                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.164013                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 586823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               294662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.991512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.107414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     4.893985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   499.162614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.009559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.974927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               882766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              882766                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               294393                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              294392                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        293199                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       880478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  881984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     37557632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 37605824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1760388000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1468195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  35492555000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                51631012000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  67008                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34253748                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   130046                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    59.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              864917996                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7763075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.051631                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 51631012000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            696715                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7763075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3568847                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13625                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5615882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         51631001                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   51631001                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3556419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2434314                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       659079                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3484851                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3484851                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3485188                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7731948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7731948                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16627426                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3467788                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3596976                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3568845                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4137948     53.26%     53.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.36%     54.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      1.09%     55.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     55.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3484238     44.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7769872                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            261                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        436942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       436942                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26623973000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  26657897000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26623973000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  26657897000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       437203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       437203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61012.381694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61010.150089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61012.381694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61010.150089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       370737                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           370737                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       436942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       436942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25751233000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25784013000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25751233000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25784013000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59012.381694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59010.150089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59012.381694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59010.150089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                371406                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       436942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26623973000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  26657897000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       437203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61012.381694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61010.150089                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       436942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  25751233000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25784013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999789                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999403                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59012.381694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59010.150089                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        57552.415203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             742440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           371406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998998                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    80.802288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 57471.612915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.001233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.876947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.878180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        56685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1309942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1309942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5615129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5615129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5615129                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5615129                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5615882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5615882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5615129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5615129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5615882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.531112                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.531112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.935668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.935668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5616635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5616635                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              436942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             436942                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       370737                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1244621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1244621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1244621                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     51691456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     51691456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                51691456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2290627000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2298663750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27927680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27964288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     23727168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         23727168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           436370                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               436942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        370737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              370737                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             709031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          540909018                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              541618049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        709031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            709031                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       459552643                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             459552643                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       459552643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            709031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         540909018                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1001170692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    370737.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    436370.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011749170500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         23169                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         23169                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1233886                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              348780                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       436942                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      370737                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     436942                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    370737                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              23144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              23044                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              23075                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              23054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              23108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              23244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              23296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              23296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              23173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              23172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             23168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             23168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             23168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             23177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             23170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             23251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.49                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    3932194750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2184710000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12124857250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8999.35                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27749.35                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    401086                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   344218                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 436942                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                370737                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   436942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   23170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   23170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   23170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   23170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   23170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   23170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   23170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   23170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   23170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   23170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   23170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   23170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   23169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   23169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   23169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   23169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        62345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     829.088716                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    739.256356                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    291.442251                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           932      1.49%      1.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1774      2.85%      4.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5199      8.34%     12.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3413      5.47%     18.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1914      3.07%     21.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         7028     11.27%     32.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1376      2.21%     34.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1370      2.20%     36.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        39339     63.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         62345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        23169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.858388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.026404                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     330.278365                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         23165     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          23169                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        23169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000163                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.018582                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             23167     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          23169                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27964288                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 23725312                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27964288                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              23727168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        541.62                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        459.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     541.62                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     459.55                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    51630948000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       63925.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27927680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     23725312                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 709031.231074843206                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 540909018.014212131500                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 459516695.121141552925                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       436370                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       370737                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12109994000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1164737650750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25984.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27751.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3141681.71                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             223374900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             118722780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1560982500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           968033340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4075677840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12546471210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9260859360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         28754121930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         556.915714                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23741152500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1724060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26165799500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             221775540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             117876495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1558783380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           967062420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4075677840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       11746582800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9934449600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         28622208075                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         554.360780                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25498924500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1724060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24408027500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3153691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3153691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3153691                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3153691                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         436399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             436399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        436497                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            436497                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34037223000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34037223000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34044543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34044543000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3590090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3590090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3590188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3590188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77995.648478                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77995.648478                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77994.907181                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77994.907181                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          436056                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                436056                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        436399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       436497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33164427000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33164427000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33171551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33171551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75995.653061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75995.653061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75994.911763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75994.911763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     436240                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3125878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3125878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       436172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           436172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34025735000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34025735000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3562050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3562050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.122450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78009.902057                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78009.902057                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       436172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33153393000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33153393000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76009.906642                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76009.906642                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.375043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3588139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                436240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.225149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.375043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4026684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4026684                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        436463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            437204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           437204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31425239000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31467652000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31425239000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31467652000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          437250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         437250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71999.777759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71974.757779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71999.777759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71974.757779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         435797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               435797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30552315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30593246000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30552315000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30593246000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69999.782341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69974.762354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69999.782341                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69974.762354                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    437519                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           437204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31425239000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31467652000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         437250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71999.777759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71974.757779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30552315000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30593246000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69999.782341                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69974.762354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.050466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 872537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               437519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.510975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.364257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   503.175233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1311337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1311337                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               437250                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              437249                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        436056                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1309049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1310555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55843328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55891520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2617530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2182480000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  51631012000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                67769572000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  75020                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34253880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   146485                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    66.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1016810571                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9763073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.067770                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 67769572000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            839572                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9763073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4713935                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         18089                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7046684                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         67769561                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   67769561                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4270704                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3005742                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       801936                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4629939                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4629939                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4630276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9734178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9734178                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21205546                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4182073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4742064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4713933                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.34%      0.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4995090     51.12%     51.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.29%     51.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.87%     52.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     52.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4629326     47.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9772102                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            261                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        579799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       579799                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35472362000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  35506286000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35472362000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  35506286000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       580060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       580060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61240.864117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61238.956949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61240.864117                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61238.956949                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       513594                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           513594                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       579799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       579799                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34313908000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34346688000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34313908000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34346688000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999550                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999550                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59240.864117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59238.956949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59240.864117                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59238.956949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                514263                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       579799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35472362000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35506286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       580060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999550                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61240.864117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61238.956949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       579799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34313908000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34346688000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999841                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999550                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59240.864117                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59238.956949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        59453.615970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1028154                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           514263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    61.560133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 59392.055837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.906251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.907190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7968                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        56683                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1738513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1738513                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7045931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7045931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7045931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7045931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7046684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7046684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7045931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7045931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7046684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.642772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.642772                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7047437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7047437                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              579799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             579799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       513594                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1673192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1673192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1673192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     69977152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     69977152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                69977152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3147769000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3050003500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37070528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37107136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     32870016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         32870016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           579227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               579799                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        513594                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              513594                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             540183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          547008442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              547548626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        540183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            540183                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       485026171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             485026171                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       485026171                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            540183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         547008442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1032574796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    513594.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    579227.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011749170500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         32098                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         32098                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1657352                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              483195                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       579799                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      513594                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     579799                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    513594                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              36268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              36215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              36160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              36119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              36111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              36187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              36232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              36343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              36264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             36284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             36250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             36244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             36279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             36371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              32104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              32004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              32035                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              32014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              31961                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              32076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              32128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              32128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              32128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              32132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             32128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             32128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             32128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             32137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             32130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             32211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.06                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5350679250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2898995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              16221910500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9228.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27978.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    532145                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   476877                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 579799                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                513594                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   579799                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   32099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   32099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   32099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   32099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   32099                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   32098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   32098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   32098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   32098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   32098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   32098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   32098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   32098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   32098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   32098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   32098                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        84347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     829.605321                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    740.623665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    290.572025                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1230      1.46%      1.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2313      2.74%      4.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7073      8.39%     12.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4669      5.54%     18.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2453      2.91%     21.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9696     11.50%     32.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1854      2.20%     34.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1848      2.19%     36.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        53211     63.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         84347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        32098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       18.063244                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.019055                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     280.605838                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         32094     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          32098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        32098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000117                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.015787                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             32096     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          32098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37107136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 32868608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37107136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              32870016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        547.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        485.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     547.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     485.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    67769508000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61980.92                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37070528                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     32868608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 540183.432175136055                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 547008442.077810406685                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 485005394.456379354000                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       579227                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       513594                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  16207047250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1564092176250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25984.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27980.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   3045386.39                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.28                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             302164800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             160604400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2072534940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1342176840                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5349211920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       16387362630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       12223631520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         37837687050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         558.328553                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31329329750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2262780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  34177462250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             300087060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             159492465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2067229920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1338669000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5349211920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15565395270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       12915814560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         37695900195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         556.236362                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33136071250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2262780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32370720750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4153690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4153690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4153690                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4153690                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         579256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             579256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        579354                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            579354                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45314181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  45314181000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45321501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  45321501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4732946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4732946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4733044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4733044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78228.246233                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78228.246233                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78227.648381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78227.648381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          578913                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                578913                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        579256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       579354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44155671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44155671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44162795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44162795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76228.249686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76228.249686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76227.651833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76227.651833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     579097                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4125877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4125877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       579029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           579029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45302693000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  45302693000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4704906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4704906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78239.074381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78239.074381                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       579029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44144637000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44144637000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76239.077835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76239.077835                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.523869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4730995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                579097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.169607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.523869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5312397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5312397                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        579320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            580061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           580061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41845055000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  41887468000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41845055000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  41887468000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          580107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         580107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72231.331561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72212.177685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72231.331561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72212.177685                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         578654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               578654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40686417000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40727348000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40686417000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40727348000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70231.335013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70212.181133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70231.335013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70212.181133                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    580376                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           580061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41845055000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41887468000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         580107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72231.331561                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72212.177685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  40686417000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  40727348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70231.335013                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70212.181133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.514725                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1158251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               580376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.674876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.563097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   505.276752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.005006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1739908                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1739908                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               580107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              580106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        578913                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1737620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1739126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     74129024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 74177216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3474672000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2896765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  67769572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                83908037000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  83160                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34254012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   163035                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    72.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1162959881                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11763071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.083908                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 83908037000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            982429                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11763071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5859023                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22553                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8477486                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         83908026                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   83908026                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4984989                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3577170                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       944793                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5775027                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5775027                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5775364                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11736408                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11736408                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25783666                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4896358                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5887152                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5859021                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.28%      0.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5852232     49.70%     49.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.24%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.72%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5774414     49.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11774332                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            261                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        722656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       722656                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44320656000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  44354580000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44320656000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  44354580000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       722917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       722917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61378.809114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61377.169774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61378.809114                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61377.169774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       656451                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           656451                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       722656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       722656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42876488000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  42909268000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42876488000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  42909268000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59378.809114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59377.169774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59378.809114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59377.169774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                657120                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       722656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44320656000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44354580000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       722917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61378.809114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61377.169774                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       722656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42876488000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42909268000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59378.809114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59377.169774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        60623.472223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1313868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           657120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    49.719956                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 60573.752267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.924282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.925041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        56685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2167084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2167084                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8476733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8476733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8476733                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8476733                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8477486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8477486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8476733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8476733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8477486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.711480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.711480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8478239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8478239                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              722656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             722656                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       656451                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2101763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2101763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2101763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     88262848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     88262848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                88262848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4004911000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3801343000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46213376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46249984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     42012864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         42012864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           722084                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               722656                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        656451                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              656451                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             436287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          550762211                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              551198498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        436287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            436287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       500701309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             500701309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       500701309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            436287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         550762211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1051899808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    656451.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    722084.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011749170500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         41026                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         41026                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2080823                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              617592                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       722656                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      656451                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     722656                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    656451                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              44992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              44951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              40957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              40836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              40867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              40846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              40900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              41036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              41088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              41088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              41088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              41092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             41088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             41088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             41088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             41097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             41090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             41171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    6769069000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3613280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              20318869000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9366.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28116.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    663204                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   609522                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 722656                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                656451                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   722656                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   41027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   41027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   41027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   41027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   41027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   41027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   41027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   41027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   41027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   41027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   41027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   41027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   41027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   41027                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   41026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   41026                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       106349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     829.908772                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    741.416158                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    290.060836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1530      1.44%      1.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2851      2.68%      4.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         8946      8.41%     12.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5923      5.57%     18.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2991      2.81%     20.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767        12367     11.63%     32.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2333      2.19%     34.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2327      2.19%     36.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        67081     63.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        106349                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        41026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.614245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.014906                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     248.203090                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         41022     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          41026                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        41026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000097                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000092                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.013964                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             41024    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          41026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46249984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 42010880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46249984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              42012864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        551.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        500.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     551.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     500.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.91                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    83907973000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       60842.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46213376                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     42010880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 436287.169964421832                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 550762211.252779006958                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 500677664.524555563927                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       722084                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       656451                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  20304005750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1963394719000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25984.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28118.62                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2990923.49                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             380990400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             202501200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2584330140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1716346440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6623360640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20229995400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       15184900800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         46922425020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.212522                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  38913524750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2801760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  42192752250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             378348600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             201093255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2575433700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1710165960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6623360640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       19383586440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       15897666240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         46769654835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.391836                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  40774594250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2801760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  40331682750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5153689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5153689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5153689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5153689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         722113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             722113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        722211                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            722211                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56591044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  56591044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56598364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  56598364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5875802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5875802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5875900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5875900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78368.681910                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78368.681910                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78368.183259                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78368.183259                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          721770                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                721770                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        722113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55146820000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55146820000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55153944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55153944000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76368.684680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76368.684680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76368.186029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76368.186029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     721954                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5125876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5125876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       721886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           721886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56579556000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  56579556000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5847762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5847762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78377.411392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78377.411392                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       721886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       721886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55135786000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55135786000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76377.414162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76377.414162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.615446                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5873851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                721954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.136046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.615446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6598110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6598110                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        722177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            722918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           722918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52264776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  52307189000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52264776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  52307189000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          722964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         722964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72371.144470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72355.632312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72371.144470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72355.632312                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         721511                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               721511                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50820424000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50861355000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50820424000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50861355000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70371.147240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70355.635079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70371.147240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70355.635079                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    723233                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           722918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52264776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52307189000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         722964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72371.144470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72355.632312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  50820424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  50861355000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70371.147240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70355.635079                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.800396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1443965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               723233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.160403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.070124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.569869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2168479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2168479                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               722964                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              722963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        721770                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2166191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2167697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92414720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92462912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4331814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3611050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  83908037000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               100046831000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  91367                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34254256                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   179642                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    76.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1305857347                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.100047                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100046831000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1125285                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     7004110                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         27017                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9908285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        100046831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  100046831                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5699269                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4148596                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1087649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                6920115                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       6920115                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6920451                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13738634                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13738634                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            30361777                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5610640                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       7032240                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7004109                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6709370     48.70%     48.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.20%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.61%     49.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     49.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            6919502     50.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13776558                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            261                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        865513                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       865513                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53169298000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  53203222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53169298000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  53203222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       865774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       865774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61471.589392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61470.159316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61471.589392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61470.159316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       799308                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           799308                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       865513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       865513                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51439416000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51472196000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51439416000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51472196000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59471.589392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59470.159316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59471.589392                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59470.159316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                799977                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           92                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            261                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       865513                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33924000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53169298000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  53203222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       865774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59307.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61471.589392                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61470.159316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       865513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32780000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51439416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51472196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.771930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57307.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59471.589392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59470.159316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        61415.923848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1730142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           865513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998979                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    41.699511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 61374.224338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.936496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65536                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         7966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        56685                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2595655                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2595655                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9907532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9907532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9907532                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9907532                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9908285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9908285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9907532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9907532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9908285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62491.367862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45550000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60491.367862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.758022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9908285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              13158.413015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.758022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9909038                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9909038                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              865513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             865513                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       799308                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2530334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2530334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2530334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    106548544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    106548544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               106548544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4862053000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4552683250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           36608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        55356224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            55392832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          36608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     51155712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         51155712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              572                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           864941                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               865513                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        799308                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              799308                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             365909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          553303123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              553669031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        365909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            365909                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       511317665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             511317665                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       511317665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            365909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         553303123                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1064986696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    799308.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       572.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    864941.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.011749170500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         49955                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         49955                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2504291                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              752007                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       865513                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      799308                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     865513                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    799308                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              54060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              54007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              53952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              53911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              53988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              54107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              54156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              54152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              54263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              54184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             54204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             54170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             54089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             54036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             54071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             54163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              49896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              49796                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              49827                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              49806                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              49860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              49996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              50048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              50048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              50048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              50052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             50048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             50048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             49957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             49929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             49922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             50003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.65                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    8187806000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4327565000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              24416174750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9460.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28210.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    794262                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   742181                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 865513                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                799308                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   865513                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   49956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   49956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   49956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   49956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   49956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   49956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   49956                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   49955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   49955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   49955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   49955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   49955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   49955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   49955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   49955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   49955                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       128353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     830.105724                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    741.950221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    289.717065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1828      1.42%      1.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3389      2.64%      4.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383        10820      8.43%     12.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7180      5.59%     18.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         3529      2.75%     20.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767        15039     11.72%     32.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2811      2.19%     34.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2805      2.19%     36.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        80952     63.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        128353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        49955                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       17.325713                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.012241                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     224.930312                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047         49951     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.00%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4096-6143            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::8192-10239            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::49152-51199            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          49955                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        49955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.012655                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             49953    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          49955                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                55392832                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 51154176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 55392832                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              51155712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        553.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        511.30                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     553.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     511.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.33                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.99                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   100046786000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       60094.62                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        36608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     55356224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     51154176                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 365908.641324181459                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 553303122.614648342133                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 511302312.014260590076                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          572                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       864941                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       799308                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14863250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  24401311500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2362746009500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25984.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28211.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2955989.44                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.29                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             459323340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             244132350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3092905200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2088036540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7897509360.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       24050253960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       18165137760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         55997298510                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.710867                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46547652750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3340740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  50158438250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             457124220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             242967285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3086857620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2084225940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7897509360.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       23223742560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       18861147360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         55853574345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.274298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  48364631500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3340740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  48341459500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          6153688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              6153688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6153688                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             6153688                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         864969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             864969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        865067                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            865067                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  67868255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  67868255000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  67875575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  67875575000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      7018657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          7018657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      7018755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7018755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78463.222381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78463.222381                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78462.795367                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78462.795367                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          864627                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                864627                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        864969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       865067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66138317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  66138317000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66145441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  66145441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76463.222381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76463.222381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76462.795367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76462.795367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     864811                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11488000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50607.929515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11034000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48607.929515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        6125875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            6125875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       864742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           864742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  67856767000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  67856767000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6990617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        6990617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123700                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123700                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78470.534564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78470.534564                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       864742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66127283000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66127283000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76470.534564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76470.534564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7320000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7124000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72693.877551                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.677479                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 7018755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                865067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.113539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.677479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               7883822                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              7883822                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        865033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            865774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           865774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62684845000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  62727258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62684845000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  62727258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          865820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         865820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72465.264331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72452.231183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72465.264331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72452.231183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         864368                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               864368                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60954779000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60995710000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60954779000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60995710000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70465.264331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70452.231183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70465.264331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70452.231183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    866090                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           865774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  62684845000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  62727258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         865820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.516869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72465.264331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72452.231183                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40931000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  60954779000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  60995710000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55237.516869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70465.264331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70452.231183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.993907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1730447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               866602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.811903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.736187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.445816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2597049                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2597049                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               865820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              865820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        864627                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2594761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2596267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    110700416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                110748608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           5188955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4325335000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 100046831000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
