
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4298227000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  57266                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1370252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   115338                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              245390969                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1003006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2020218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004298                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4298227000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240620                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1003006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2020218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      178451                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           266                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1297462                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4298216                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4298216                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1579059                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              732125                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202926                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  91353                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         91353                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               145093                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65455                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1943201                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1943201                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3546739                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1572021                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      177585                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313449                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135864                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23148      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1619083     80.14%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1189      0.06%     81.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     782      0.04%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.09%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30975      1.53%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12648      0.63%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15127      0.75%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165560      8.19%     92.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120253      5.95%     98.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12025      0.60%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15611      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2020308                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1287150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1287150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1287150                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1287150                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          10312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              10312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         10312                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             10312                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    550639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    550639000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    550639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    550639000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1297462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1297462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53397.885958                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53397.885958                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53397.885958                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53397.885958                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    530015000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    530015000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007948                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51397.885958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51397.885958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51397.885958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51397.885958                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      10056                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1287150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1287150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         10312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             10312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    550639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    550639000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1297462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53397.885958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53397.885958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    530015000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    530015000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51397.885958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51397.885958                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               245.030424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  815521                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 10056                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.097951                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   245.030424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.957150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.957150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1307774                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1307774                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12887                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        30380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        30380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  30380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1119552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1119552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1119552                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35917000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           69295250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          401024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          423744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              824768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       401024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         401024                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       294784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           294784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6621                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           93299865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           98585766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              191885631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      93299865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          93299865                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        68582697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              68582697                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        68582697                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          93299865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          98585766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             260468328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4286.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6266.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6487.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001030062500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           254                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           254                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                31001                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4021                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12887                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4606                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12887                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4606                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     134                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    320                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                897                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1062                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               822                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               728                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               221                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                57                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     155371000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    63765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                394489750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12183.09                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30933.09                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8024                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3292                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12887                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4606                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     102                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     190.900999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    128.782700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    217.429969                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2625     46.00%     46.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1864     32.66%     78.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          456      7.99%     86.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          240      4.21%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          155      2.72%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           89      1.56%     95.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           58      1.02%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      0.68%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          181      3.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5707                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       50.204724                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      35.504797                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      60.456804                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             125     49.21%     49.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             73     28.74%     77.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             24      9.45%     87.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            15      5.91%     93.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            8      3.15%     96.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            4      1.57%     98.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            2      0.79%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      0.39%     99.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.39%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.39%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            254                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.811024                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.781229                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.015549                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               147     57.87%     57.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                19      7.48%     65.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                78     30.71%     96.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 9      3.54%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 1      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  816192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     8576                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   273280                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   824768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                294784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        189.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         63.58                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     191.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      68.58                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.98                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3944549000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      225493.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       401024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       415168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       273280                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 93299865.270028784871                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 96590524.418556764722                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 63579703.910472854972                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6266                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4606                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    198934000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    195555750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  93961112750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31748.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29535.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  20399720.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              23290680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12379290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             49465920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11207340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      339281280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1377274470                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         490720320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2303619300                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         535.946403                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1259939750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    143477000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2894810250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              17457300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9278775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41590500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11082060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      339281280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1317574950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         540993600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2277258465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         529.813447                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1393431000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    143477000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2761319000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           304310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               304310                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304943                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304943                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    518961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    518961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    541727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    541727000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       313269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           313269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57926.219444                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57926.219444                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58250.215054                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58250.215054                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501045000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    501045000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523129000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    523129000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028598                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55926.442683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55926.442683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56250.430108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56250.430108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9043                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172869                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242679000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    242679000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       177460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          177460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52859.725550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52859.725550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    233497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233497000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50859.725550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50859.725550                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276282000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    276282000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63251.373626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63251.373626                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    267548000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    267548000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61251.831502                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61251.831502                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     22766000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     22766000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66762.463343                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66762.463343                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     22084000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22084000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64762.463343                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64762.463343                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.562102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  231421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.591175                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.562102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                323542                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               323542                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6266                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12888                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452140000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461421000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    913561000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452140000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461421000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    913561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19612                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.657149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.657149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72157.676349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69680.006040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70884.621353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72157.676349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69680.006040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70884.621353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12888                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    439608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    448179000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    887787000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    439608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    448179000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    887787000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70157.676349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67680.308064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68884.776536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70157.676349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67680.308064                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68884.776536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15479                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452140000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    461421000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    913561000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.657149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72157.676349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69680.006040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70884.621353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    439608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    448179000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    887787000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70157.676349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67680.308064                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68884.776536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              504.438924                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24448                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.579430                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   134.482273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   106.059787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   263.896864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.262661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.207148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.515424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.985232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                41344                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               41344                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19612                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5741                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        20624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   44964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       962560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       659968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1622528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            51560000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             48317000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4298227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8873786000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  61336                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1392648                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   120686                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.61                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              272140413                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3935241                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008874                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8873786000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454572                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3935241                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      429999                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           447                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      299868                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           326                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614384                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8873775                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8873775                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2552521                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309935                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       346021                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 113743                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        113743                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               172193                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72152                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66415                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847507                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847507                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343527                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3114258                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      429093                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        728943                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     299850                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26430      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3100007     78.77%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4899      0.12%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6670      0.17%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1279      0.03%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32279      0.82%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13096      0.33%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19054      0.48%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.02%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   416596     10.59%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  268994      6.84%     98.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12497      0.32%     99.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30856      0.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3935388                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2596886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2596886                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2596886                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2596886                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          17498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              17498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         17498                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             17498                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    931360000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    931360000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    931360000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    931360000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53226.654475                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53226.654475                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53226.654475                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53226.654475                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    896364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    896364000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    896364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    896364000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51226.654475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51226.654475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51226.654475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51226.654475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      17242                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2596886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2596886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         17498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             17498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    931360000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    931360000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53226.654475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53226.654475                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    896364000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    896364000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51226.654475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51226.654475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.686628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2419509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 17242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                140.326470                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.686628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2631882                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2631882                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               24674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              24674                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9880                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        59228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        59228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  59228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2211456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2211456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2211456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            74074000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          133191000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          667584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          911552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1579136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       667584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         667584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       632320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           632320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            10431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            14243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                24674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9880                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9880                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           75231023                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          102724136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              177955159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      75231023                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          75231023                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        71257071                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              71257071                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        71257071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          75231023                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         102724136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             249212230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7425.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     10431.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     13868.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002143682500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           438                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           438                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                60412                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                6965                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        24674                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9880                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      24674                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9880                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     375                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   2455                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1087                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2845                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                270                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                334                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                761                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               482                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     327894250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   121495000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                783500500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      13494.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 32244.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13793                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5352                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  24674                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9880                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    24279                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       20                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     192                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     440                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     441                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     438                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     161.647959                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    113.388363                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    181.658338                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6887     54.90%     54.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3371     26.87%     81.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          969      7.72%     89.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          525      4.19%     93.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          329      2.62%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          124      0.99%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           74      0.59%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           47      0.37%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          218      1.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12544                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       55.399543                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.290895                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      61.781098                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             175     39.95%     39.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            157     35.84%     75.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             48     10.96%     86.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            24      5.48%     92.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           16      3.65%     95.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            6      1.37%     97.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            3      0.68%     97.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.23%     98.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      0.68%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.23%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.23%     99.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.23%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.23%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            438                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.890411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.858944                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.042286                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               241     55.02%     55.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                25      5.71%     60.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               153     34.93%     95.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                17      3.88%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 2      0.46%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            438                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1555136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    24000                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   473472                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1579136                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                632320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        175.25                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         53.36                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     177.96                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      71.26                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8873604000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      256803.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       667584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       887552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       473472                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 75231023.150659710169                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 100019540.701116755605                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 53356256.281140878797                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        10431                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        14243                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9880                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    340652250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    442848250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 207071702500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     32657.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     31092.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  20958674.34                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              43632540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              23176065                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             77818860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            19595880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      700074960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2503831590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1299044160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4667174055                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         525.950711                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3351364000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    296140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5226282000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              45988740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              24428415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             95676000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            19021680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      700074960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3149778960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         755088480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4790057235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         539.798597                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1934269000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    296140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6643377000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           700801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               700801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          701532                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              701532                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27778                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         28188                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             28188                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1281575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1281575000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1309508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1309508000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       729720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          729720                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46136.330909                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46136.330909                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46456.222506                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46456.222506                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13735                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13735                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28188                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1226021000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1226021000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1253134000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1253134000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44136.402909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44136.402909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44456.293458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44456.293458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27931                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          411098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              411098                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    780094000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    780094000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44001.015286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44001.015286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    744638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    744638000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42001.128095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42001.128095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    501481000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    501481000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49903.572495                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49903.572495                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    481383000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    481383000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47903.572495                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47903.572495                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     27933000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     27933000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68129.268293                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68129.268293                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     27113000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27113000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66129.268293                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66129.268293                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.334773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  714166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.568938                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.334773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                757907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               757907                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         10431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         14244                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             24675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            24675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    762330000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1014324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1776654000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    762330000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1014324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1776654000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.540100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73083.117630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71210.614996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72002.188450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73083.117630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71210.614996                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72002.188450                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    741468000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    985838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1727306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    741468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    985838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1727306000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71083.117630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69210.755406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70002.269504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71083.117630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69210.755406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70002.269504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     31493                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            24675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    762330000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1014324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1776654000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17498                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 73083.117630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71210.614996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72002.188450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    741468000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    985838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1727306000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71083.117630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69210.755406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70002.269504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13735                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13735                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13735                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13735                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.337615                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57764                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                31493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.834185                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   139.452646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   120.780469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.104500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.272368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.235899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.484579                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                91426                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               91426                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13735                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        70110                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        34996                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  105106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1119872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3802880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            87490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            114361000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           140935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8873786000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14651845000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  70229                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1398968                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   139441                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              342989633                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014652                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14651845000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650445                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956624                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702545                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           813                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           492                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917647                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           290                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14651834                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14651834                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3567703                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867919                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469884                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 216526                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        216526                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               325454                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              135655                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120025                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803341                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803341                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11405907                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700398                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701350                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1201775                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41173      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553452     76.44%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    15990      0.27%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     16979      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2482      0.04%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5110      0.09%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56400      0.95%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       74      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25728      0.43%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36867      0.62%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    774      0.01%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676197     11.35%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  439681      7.38%     98.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               25153      0.42%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60744      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956844                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3875057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3875057                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3875057                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3875057                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          42590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              42590                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         42590                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             42590                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2126081000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2126081000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2126081000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2126081000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917647                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917647                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49919.722940                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49919.722940                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49919.722940                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49919.722940                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         42590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2040901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2040901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2040901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2040901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47919.722940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47919.722940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47919.722940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47919.722940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      42334                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3875057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3875057                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         42590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             42590                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2126081000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2126081000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49919.722940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49919.722940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2040901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2040901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47919.722940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47919.722940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.781994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3660415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 42334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.465134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.781994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.987430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3960237                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3960237                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               48404                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              48404                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        18254                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       115062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       115062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 115062                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      4266112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      4266112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4266112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           139674000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          263268000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1444672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1653184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3097856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1444672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1444672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1168256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1168256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            22573                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            25831                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                48404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         18254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               18254                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           98600006                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          112831114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              211431120                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      98600006                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          98600006                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        79734395                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              79734395                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        79734395                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          98600006                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         112831114                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             291165515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     13848.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     22573.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     24923.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002143682500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           812                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           812                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               116414                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               13027                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        48404                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       18254                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      48404                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     18254                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     908                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   4406                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               5057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               3108                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               7935                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               881                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               693                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1055                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1101                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               906                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     742420750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   237480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1632970750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15631.23                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34381.23                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     21738                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9663                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  45.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 69.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  48404                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 18254                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    47466                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     377                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     407                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     781                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     814                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     845                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     819                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     828                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     826                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     813                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     812                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        29912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     131.164482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     99.121891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    139.563589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         18649     62.35%     62.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         7512     25.11%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1955      6.54%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          800      2.67%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          438      1.46%     98.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          175      0.59%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          102      0.34%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           55      0.18%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          226      0.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         29912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          812                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       58.476601                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      47.728399                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      48.043375                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             193     23.77%     23.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            355     43.72%     67.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            178     21.92%     89.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            48      5.91%     95.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           18      2.22%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            8      0.99%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            3      0.37%     98.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.12%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      0.37%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.12%     99.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.12%     99.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.12%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.12%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.12%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            812                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          812                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.024631                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.992217                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.055493                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               399     49.14%     49.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                34      4.19%     53.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               342     42.12%     95.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                34      4.19%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 3      0.37%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            812                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3039744                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    58112                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   884736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3097856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1168256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        207.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         60.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     211.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      79.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14651111000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      219795.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1444672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1595072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       884736                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 98600005.664815589786                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 108864924.519744783640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 60383931.170443035662                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        22573                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        18254                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    775655000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    857315750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 346781997250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34362.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33189.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  18997589.42                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     51.19                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              86672460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              46063710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            137423580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            37516140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1156137840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4941539760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1465011840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7870365330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         537.158653                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3761629750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    489060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10401155250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             126949200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              67452330                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            201697860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            34645140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1156137840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5687145360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         837133440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8111161170                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         553.593160                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2123981750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    489060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12038803250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1154597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1154597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1155328                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1155328                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2344775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2344775000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2372708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2372708000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1201644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1201644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1202785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1202785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49838.990796                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49838.990796                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49997.007818                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49997.007818                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2250683000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2250683000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2277796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2277796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47839.033307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47839.033307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47997.049961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47997.049961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47200                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          670334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              670334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1453026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1453026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701373                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46812.912787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46812.912787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1390950000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1390950000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44812.977222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44812.977222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    891749000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    891749000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55706.459270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55706.459270                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    859733000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    859733000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53706.459270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53706.459270                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     27933000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     27933000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68129.268293                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68129.268293                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     27113000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27113000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66129.268293                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66129.268293                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.991467                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1186146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.130212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.991467                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1250241                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1250241                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           20017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               41642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              41642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22573                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22573                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48405                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1688936000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1892549000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3581485000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1688936000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1892549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3581485000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           90047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          90047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.530007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.537553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.530007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.537553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74821.069419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73263.742645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73989.980374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74821.069419                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73263.742645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73989.980374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22573                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48405                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1643790000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1840887000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3484677000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1643790000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1840887000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3484677000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.530007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.530007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72821.069419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.820068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71990.021692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72821.069419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.820068                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71990.021692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     61263                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              41642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48405                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1688936000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1892549000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3581485000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          90047                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.530007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.537553                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74821.069419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73263.742645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73989.980374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1643790000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1840887000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3484677000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.530007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72821.069419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71263.820068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71990.021692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.781903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 112092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.829685                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   137.673774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   101.068760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   271.039368                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.268894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.197400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.529374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175540                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175540                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                90047                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               90046                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        85180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  203811                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4555136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2725760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7280896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           212950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            208637000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           237280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14651845000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                20585102000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  77570                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1402512                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   154907                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    51.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              399181997                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000039                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7988213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.020585                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 20585102000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848695                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000039                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7988213                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963667                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1636                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669007                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           694                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208268                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           297                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         20585091                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   20585091                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4705712                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2469519                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597211                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 327699                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        327699                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               502219                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              216720                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174808                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750717                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750717                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15428332                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304542                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962209                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631162                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     668953                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59935      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041725     75.63%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23656      0.30%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28382      0.36%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3307      0.04%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9062      0.11%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    92052      1.15%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       80      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    42536      0.53%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54602      0.68%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1946      0.02%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920110     11.52%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  590957      7.40%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               42099      0.53%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              77996      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7988485                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5138601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5138601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5138601                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5138601                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          69667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              69667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         69667                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             69667                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3529394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3529394000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3529394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3529394000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50660.915498                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50660.915498                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50660.915498                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50660.915498                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         69667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3390060000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3390060000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3390060000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3390060000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48660.915498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48660.915498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48660.915498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48660.915498                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      69411                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5138601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5138601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         69667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             69667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3529394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3529394000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50660.915498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50660.915498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3390060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3390060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48660.915498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48660.915498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.709522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4853472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 69411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.923672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.709522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5277935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5277935                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               76137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              76137                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        24822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       177096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       177096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 177096                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      6461376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      6461376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6461376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           200247000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          414601000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         2423744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2449024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             4872768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2423744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        2423744                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      1588608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          1588608                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            37871                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            38266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                76137                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         24822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               24822                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          117742628                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          118970700                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              236713328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     117742628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         117742628                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        77172705                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              77172705                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        77172705                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         117742628                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         118970700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             313886033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     18968.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     37871.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     36484.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002143682500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1112                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1112                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               178016                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               17856                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        76137                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       24822                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      76137                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     24822                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1782                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5854                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               7137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               4894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               4763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               6249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              12182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2568                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               3215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               4999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              4499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3862                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              5833                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1041                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                755                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               1869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               1853                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1016                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               946                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              1432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1149                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1192161500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   371775000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               2586317750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      16033.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34783.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32350                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    12791                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  43.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 67.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  76137                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 24822                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    74322                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     525                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     567                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1069                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1130                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1113                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1112                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        48150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     123.988536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     96.159097                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    125.311637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         30782     63.93%     63.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        11957     24.83%     88.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2990      6.21%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1129      2.34%     97.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          645      1.34%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          234      0.49%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          122      0.25%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           61      0.13%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          230      0.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         48150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       66.838129                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      54.769831                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      48.571927                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             206     18.53%     18.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            433     38.94%     57.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            272     24.46%     81.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           103      9.26%     91.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           54      4.86%     96.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           28      2.52%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            6      0.54%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            1      0.09%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            4      0.36%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.09%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.09%     99.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.09%     99.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.09%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.09%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1112                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.038669                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.006387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.052765                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               539     48.47%     48.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                43      3.87%     52.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               482     43.35%     95.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                44      3.96%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 4      0.36%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 4758720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   114048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1212608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  4872768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               1588608                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        231.17                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         58.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     236.71                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      77.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    20584403000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      203888.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      2423744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2334976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1212608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 117742627.653727427125                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 113430382.807916134596                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 58907067.839644417167                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        37871                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        24822                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1291014750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1295303000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 490370922000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34089.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33849.97                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  19755496.01                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             139729800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              74245380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            219112320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            48843540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1624493520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7470359010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1613850720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11190634290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         543.627828                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4125055000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    687180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  15772867000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             204139740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             108483870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            311782380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            50059800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1624493520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8277289770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         934330080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11510579160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.170373                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2352803500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    687180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  17545118500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1564285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1564285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1565016                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1565016                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3464600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3464600000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3492533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3492533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631261                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51728.977544                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51728.977544                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51828.762651                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51828.762651                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3330650000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3330650000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3357763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3357763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49729.007406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49729.007406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49828.792331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49828.792331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      67129                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          916072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              916072                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2286044000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2286044000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49243.780023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49243.780023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2193200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2193200000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47243.823105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47243.823105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1178556000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1178556000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57342.285798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57342.285798                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1137450000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1137450000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55342.285798                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55342.285798                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     27933000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     27933000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68129.268293                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68129.268293                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     27113000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27113000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66129.268293                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66129.268293                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.282157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1614804                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 67129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.055237                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.282157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1699787                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1699787                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           31796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               60915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              60915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37871                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2822968000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2825171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   5648139000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2822968000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2825171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   5648139000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          137053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         137053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.555537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.555537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74541.680970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73827.867353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 74182.917860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74541.680970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73827.867353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 74182.917860                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37871                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76138                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2747226000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2748639000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5495865000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2747226000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2748639000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5495865000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72541.680970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71827.919617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72182.944128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72541.680970                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71827.919617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72182.944128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     93822                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              60915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2822968000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2825171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   5648139000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         137053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.555537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74541.680970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73827.867353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74182.917860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37871                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2747226000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2748639000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5495865000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72541.680970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71827.919617                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72182.944128                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.421226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 167660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                93822                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.787001                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   134.220009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   101.294292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   274.906925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.262148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.197840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.536928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          367                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               263483                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              263483                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               137053                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              137052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         32096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       166867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  306201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6366784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4458688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10825472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           348335000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            297533000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           336925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  20585102000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25969966000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  85099                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1412292                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   169612                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    58.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              442002551                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9965606                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025970                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25969966000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055107                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9965606                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1148433                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2240                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      865763                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           934                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485910                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           364                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25969966                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25969966                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795737                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170344                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       757531                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400796                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400796                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               612636                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              264846                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209194                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9678796                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9678796                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19082932                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846681                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1146735                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012399                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     865664                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70202      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7565936     75.92%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34403      0.35%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34245      0.34%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4101      0.04%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.11%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110866      1.11%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52686      0.53%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67700      0.68%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   4      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  21      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094322     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  770881      7.74%     98.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52413      0.53%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94783      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9965930                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6398045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6398045                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6398045                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6398045                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          87865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              87865                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         87865                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             87865                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4495642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4495642000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4495642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4495642000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51165.333182                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51165.333182                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51165.333182                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51165.333182                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         87865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        87865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4319912000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4319912000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4319912000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4319912000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49165.333182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49165.333182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49165.333182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49165.333182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      87609                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6398045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6398045                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         87865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             87865                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4495642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4495642000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51165.333182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51165.333182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4319912000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4319912000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49165.333182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49165.333182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.184452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6485910                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 87865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 73.816764                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.184452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6573775                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6573775                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              100396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             100396                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        34644                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       235436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       235436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 235436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      8642560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      8642560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 8642560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           273616000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          546283000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         3099200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         3326144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             6425344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      3099200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        3099200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      2217216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          2217216                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            48425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            51971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               100396                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         34644                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               34644                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          119337854                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          128076564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              247414417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     119337854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         119337854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        85376161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              85376161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        85376161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         119337854                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         128076564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             332790578                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     27824.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     48425.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     49786.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002143682500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          1619                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          1619                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               236751                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               26208                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       100396                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       34644                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     100396                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     34644                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2185                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   6820                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               8929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               6795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               6654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               7444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              15480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               3969                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5059                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               4131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               6784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              3249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              5351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              3826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              5322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              8095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              4251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               1557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               1279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               1183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               1417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               2447                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               1766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               1787                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               2633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               1729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               1537                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              1843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              1466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              2083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              1584                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              1817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              1676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1532609500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   491055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               3374065750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      15605.27                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 34355.27                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     44117                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                    19457                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  44.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 69.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 100396                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 34644                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    98175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                       36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     935                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    1564                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    1623                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    1628                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    1619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    1677                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    1632                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    1642                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    1640                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    1621                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    1619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    1620                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    1619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    1619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        62438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     129.138794                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean     97.273050                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    143.105195                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127         39816     63.77%     63.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255        15267     24.45%     88.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3876      6.21%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1426      2.28%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          805      1.29%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          312      0.50%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          161      0.26%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          175      0.28%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          600      0.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         62438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         1619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       60.658431                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      47.862621                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      46.849179                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31             463     28.60%     28.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63            551     34.03%     62.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            351     21.68%     84.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           129      7.97%     92.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           67      4.14%     96.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           38      2.35%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            8      0.49%     99.26% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      0.12%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            5      0.31%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.06%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            1      0.06%     99.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.06%     99.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      0.06%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      0.06%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           1619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         1619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.173564                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.142340                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.032904                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               678     41.88%     41.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                47      2.90%     44.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               833     51.45%     96.23% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                57      3.52%     99.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::20                 4      0.25%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           1619                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 6285504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   139840                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  1779456                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  6425344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               2217216                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        242.03                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         68.52                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     247.41                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      85.38                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.43                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25969789000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      192311.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      3099200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      3186304                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      1779456                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 119337853.580555319786                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 122691881.845359370112                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 68519766.256143733859                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        48425                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        34644                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst   1651812250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1722253500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 620682620000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     34110.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33138.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  17916020.67                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     50.44                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             183376620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              97466985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            292804260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            71696700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2049824400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        9603300720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1885476960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14183946645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         546.167317                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4810946000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    867100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  20291920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             262452120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             139485225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            408422280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            73440180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2049824400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       10502888400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1127929440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14564442045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         560.818680                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2834771750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    867100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  22268094250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1926016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1926016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1927858                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1927858                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          85217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              85217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         86014                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             86014                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4570023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4570023000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4625497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4625497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2011233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2011233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53628.067170                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53628.067170                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53776.094589                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53776.094589                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        85217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         85217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        86014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86014                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4399589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4399589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   4453469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4453469000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51628.067170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51628.067170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51776.094589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51776.094589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      85758                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1089702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1089702                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2823835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2823835000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1145756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1145756                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50377.047133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50377.047133                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2711727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2711727000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48377.047133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48377.047133                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         836314                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             836314                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29163                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746188000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1746188000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         865477                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033696                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033696                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59876.830230                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59876.830230                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29163                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1687862000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1687862000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033696                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033696                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57876.830230                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57876.830230                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     55474000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     55474000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69603.513174                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69603.513174                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     53880000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53880000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67603.513174                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67603.513174                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.431002                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2013872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 86014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.413305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.431002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2099886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2099886                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           39440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               73483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              73483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48425                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48425                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3610779000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3801896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   7412675000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3610779000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3801896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   7412675000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        87865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        86014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          173879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        87865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        86014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         173879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.577390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74564.357253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73154.182140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73834.365911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74564.357253                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73154.182140                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73834.365911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48425                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3513929000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3697954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7211883000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3513929000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3697954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7211883000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72564.357253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71154.182140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71834.365911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72564.357253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71154.182140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71834.365911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    122193                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              73483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48425                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3610779000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3801896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7412675000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        87865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         173879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 74564.357253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73154.182140                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73834.365911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3513929000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3697954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7211883000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72564.357253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71154.182140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71834.365911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.748584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 217019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               122705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.768624                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   127.067311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.882868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   285.798406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.248178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.191177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.558200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               339724                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              339724                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               173879                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              173879                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         43140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       215168                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       175730                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  390898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8265856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5623360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13889216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           439325000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            389579000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           430070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25969966000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
