
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3911142000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 101935                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34315152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   205309                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              397479163                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1002999                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2020199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003911                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3911142000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            240618                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1002999                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2020199                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      178450                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           266                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      135882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           203                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1297454                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           178                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3911131                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3911131                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1579059                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              732123                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       202926                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  91342                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         91342                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               145075                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               65447                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       28341                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1943188                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1943188                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3546721                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1572012                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      177584                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        313448                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     135864                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 23148      1.15%      1.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1619075     80.14%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1189      0.06%     81.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1176      0.06%     81.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     782      0.04%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.09%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    30975      1.53%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    12648      0.63%     83.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15123      0.75%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.04%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   165560      8.19%     92.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  120253      5.95%     98.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12024      0.60%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              15611      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2020289                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    31                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4614                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2082                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4614                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2082                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6696                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4539                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6190                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1651                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4539                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6190                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100033000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270323000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    370356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100033000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    370356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12886                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12886                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.263528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.685546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.480366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.263528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.685546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.480366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60589.339794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59555.628993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59831.340872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60589.339794                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59555.628993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59831.340872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              169                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1651                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4539                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6190                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    357976000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    357976000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.263528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.685546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.263528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.685546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58589.339794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57555.628993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57831.340872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58589.339794                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57555.628993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57831.340872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   537                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2082                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6696                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1651                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100033000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270323000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    370356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6621                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.263528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.685546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.480366                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60589.339794                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59555.628993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59831.340872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96731000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    261245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    357976000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.263528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.685546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.480366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58589.339794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57555.628993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57831.340872                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3963.850961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              537                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.906890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    16.002443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   895.276222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3052.572296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.027322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.093157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.120967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5692                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5463                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.173706                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23721                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23721                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1287143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1287143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1287143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1287143                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          10311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              10311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         10311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             10311                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    276669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    276669000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    276669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    276669000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1297454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1297454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26832.411987                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26832.411987                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26832.411987                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26832.411987                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         10311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    256047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    256047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    256047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    256047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24832.411987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24832.411987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24832.411987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24832.411987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      10055                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1287143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1287143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         10311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             10311                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    276669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    276669000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1297454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1297454                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26832.411987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26832.411987                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    256047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    256047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24832.411987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24832.411987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               244.733188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  815513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 10055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 81.105221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.733188                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.955989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.955989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1307765                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1307765                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6190                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          169                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12549                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       406976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       406976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  406976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7035000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           32974250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          105664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          290496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              396160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       105664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         105664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        10816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            10816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1651                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6190                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           27016150                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           74273959                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              101290109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      27016150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          27016150                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2765433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2765433                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2765433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          27016150                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          74273959                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             104055542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       169.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1651.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4534.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.003698064500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             8                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             8                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13540                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 130                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6190                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         169                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6190                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       169                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       5                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                349                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.29                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      48142500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    30925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                164111250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7783.75                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26533.75                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4556                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      105                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 62.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6190                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   169                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6184                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     243.484958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    146.640312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    286.222935                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           754     45.37%     45.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          413     24.85%     70.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          166      9.99%     80.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           79      4.75%     84.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           45      2.71%     87.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           32      1.93%     89.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           24      1.44%     91.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           19      1.14%     92.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          130      7.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1662                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      622.625000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     310.952700                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     816.096097                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              2     25.00%     25.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1     12.50%     37.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            1     12.50%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3     37.50%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1     12.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.250000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.222267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.035098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 3     37.50%     37.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5     62.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  395840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      320                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     8832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   396160                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 10816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        101.21                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.26                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     101.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.77                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3557410000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      559429.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       105664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       290176                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         8832                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 27016150.270176842809                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 74192141.323429316282                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2258163.983818536624                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1651                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4539                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          169                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     44991750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    119119500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  49429291250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27251.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26243.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 292481013.31                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6461700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3434475                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23854740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              422820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      308549280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         819798510                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         811522080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1974043605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         504.723072                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2101529250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    130520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1679092750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5404980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2872815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20306160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              297540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      308549280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         667941960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         939401280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1944774015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         497.239429                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2435236000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    130520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1345386000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           304309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               304309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          304942                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              304942                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               8959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9300                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    416983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    416983000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    427684000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       313268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           313268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       314242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          314242                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.029595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46543.475834                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46543.475834                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45987.526882                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45987.526882                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5741                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          8959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399067000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    399067000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    409086000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    409086000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44543.699074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44543.699074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43987.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43987.741935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9043                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          172868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              172868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       177459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          177459                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.025871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31786.103245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31786.103245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    136748000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    136748000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29786.103245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29786.103245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             131441                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4368                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271053000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    271053000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         135809                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.032163                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62054.258242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62054.258242                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4368                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262319000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    262319000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60054.716117                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60054.716117                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               633                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             341                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     10701000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     10701000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           974                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31381.231672                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31381.231672                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          341                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     10019000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10019000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350103                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29381.231672                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29381.231672                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.180376                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  231420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.591065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.180376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                323541                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               323541                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            2678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6724                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6724                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12887                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178176000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    347318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    525494000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178176000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    347318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    525494000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.657131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.657131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28439.904230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52449.109031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40777.062156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28439.904230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52449.109031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40777.062156                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4606                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165646000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334076000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    499722000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165646000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334076000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    499722000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26439.904230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50449.411054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38777.217351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26439.904230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50449.411054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38777.217351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15478                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           2678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6724                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12887                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    347318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    525494000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10311                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.657131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28439.904230                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52449.109031                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40777.062156                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6265                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    165646000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    334076000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    499722000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.607604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.657131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26439.904230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50449.411054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38777.217351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.596569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  24447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.579468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   133.841693                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   106.139165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   263.615711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.261410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.207303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.514874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          265                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                41342                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               41342                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19611                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19610                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5741                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        20622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   44962                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       962560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       659904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1622464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            51555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             48316000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            46495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3911142000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7975412000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106576                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34337528                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   209698                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              424984067                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000015                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3935255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007975                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7975412000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            454576                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000015                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3935255                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      430003                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           447                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      299868                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           326                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2614400                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           267                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7975401                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7975401                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2552559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1309945                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       346026                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 113732                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        113732                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               172175                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               72144                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66415                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3847527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3847527                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7343567                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3114276                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      429097                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        728947                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     299850                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 26430      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3100027     78.77%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4899      0.12%     79.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      6670      0.17%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1279      0.03%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1870      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    32279      0.82%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       50      0.00%     80.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    13096      0.33%     80.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   19050      0.48%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    771      0.02%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   416601     10.59%     92.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  268994      6.84%     98.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               12496      0.32%     99.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              30856      0.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3935402                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         7935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           15187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7935                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7252                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          15187                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2495                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6992                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9487                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153610000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421794000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    575404000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153610000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421794000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    575404000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        24674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        24674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490873                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.384494                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490873                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.384494                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61567.134269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60325.228833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60651.839359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61567.134269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60325.228833                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60651.839359                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              376                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6992                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148620000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407810000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    556430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148620000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407810000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    556430000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490873                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384494                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490873                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384494                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59567.134269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58325.228833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58651.839359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59567.134269                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58325.228833                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58651.839359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1023                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7935                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          15187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    153610000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421794000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    575404000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14244                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        24674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.384494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61567.134269                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60325.228833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60651.839359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2495                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    148620000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407810000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    556430000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.239214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.490873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.384494                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59567.134269                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58325.228833                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58651.839359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9880                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5390.980157                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3050                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.981427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    28.106943                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1303.736281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4059.136933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.039787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.123875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.164520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8569                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          804                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7682                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.261505                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            44146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           44146                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2596903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2596903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2596903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2596903                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          17497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              17497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         17497                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             17497                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    453234000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    453234000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2614400                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2614400                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25903.526319                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25903.526319                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25903.526319                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25903.526319                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         17497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        17497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    418240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418240000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    418240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418240000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23903.526319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23903.526319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23903.526319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23903.526319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      17241                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2596903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2596903                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         17497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             17497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    453234000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2614400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2614400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25903.526319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25903.526319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    418240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418240000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23903.526319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23903.526319                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.474756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2419501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 17241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                140.334145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.474756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.978417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2631897                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2631897                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9487                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        19350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19350                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       631232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       631232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  631232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           50632250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          159680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          447488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              607168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       159680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         159680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        24064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            24064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2495                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6992                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 376                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           20021536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56108449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               76129986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      20021536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          20021536                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3017274                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3017274                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3017274                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          20021536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56108449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              79147259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       368.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2495.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6985.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004647076500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            20                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            20                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21373                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 325                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9487                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         376                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9487                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       376                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      8                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                510                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               614                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               687                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      81448250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    47400000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                259198250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8591.59                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27341.59                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6586                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      253                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.47                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 68.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9487                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   376                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9474                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     210.582719                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.605024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    251.280482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1472     49.30%     49.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          749     25.08%     74.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          289      9.68%     84.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          140      4.69%     88.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           82      2.75%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           42      1.41%     92.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      0.87%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.80%     94.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          162      5.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2986                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      451.700000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     251.327311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     587.231605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              6     30.00%     30.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4     20.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            3     15.00%     65.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      5.00%     70.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3     15.00%     85.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      5.00%     90.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      5.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      5.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             20                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.250000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.223759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.966546                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 7     35.00%     35.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      5.00%     40.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                12     60.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             20                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  606720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    22080                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   607168                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 24064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         76.07                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      76.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.02                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7971191000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      808191.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       159680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       447040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        22080                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 20021536.191484529525                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 56052276.672352477908                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2768509.012449764647                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2495                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6992                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          376                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     70396500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    188801750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 172368372500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28215.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27002.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 458426522.61                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.45                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11395440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6056820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             36578220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              845640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      629391360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1581734040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1730571840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3996573360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         501.111837                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4483749250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    266240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3225422750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9924600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5275050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             31108980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              955260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      629391360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1287036630                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1978738080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3942429960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.323047                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5130860750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    266240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2578311250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           700804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               700804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          701535                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              701535                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         28189                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             28189                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    872272000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    872272000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    888236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    888236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       728583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           728583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       729724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          729724                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038630                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31400.410382                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31400.410382                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31510.021640                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31510.021640                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           13736                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 13736                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        28189                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    816716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    816716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    831860000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    831860000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29400.482379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29400.482379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29510.092589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29510.092589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      27932                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          411101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              411101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17730                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    381226000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       428831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          428831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.041345                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21501.748449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21501.748449                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    345768000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    345768000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19501.861252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19501.861252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             289703                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10049                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    491046000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    491046000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         299752                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033524                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48865.160713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48865.160713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470948000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470948000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033524                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46865.160713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46865.160713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15964000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15964000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38936.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38936.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15144000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15144000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36936.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36936.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.126857                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  714188                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 27932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.568810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.126857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                757912                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               757912                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13944                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21011                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         10430                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         14245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             24675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            24675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284210000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    592982000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    877192000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284210000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    592982000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    877192000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.540100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27249.280920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41627.378027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35549.827761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27249.280920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41627.378027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35549.827761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9880                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    263350000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    564494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    827844000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    263350000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    564494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    827844000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25249.280920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39627.518428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33549.908815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25249.280920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39627.518428                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33549.908815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     31494                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            24675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284210000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    592982000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    877192000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        17497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.540100                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27249.280920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41627.378027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35549.827761                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        24675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    263350000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    564494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    827844000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.596102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.540100                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25249.280920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39627.518428                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33549.908815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13736                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.878958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                31494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.834191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   139.127607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   120.533301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.218049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.271734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.235417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.484801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          388                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                91428                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               91428                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45686                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45685                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         13736                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        70113                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        34994                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  105107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1119808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3802944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            87485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            114366000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           140940000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7975412000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12610230000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 107687                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34343848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   213812                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    27.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              452642432                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5956605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012610                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12610230000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            650443                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5956605                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      702544                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           813                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      500460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           492                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3917639                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           290                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12610219                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12610219                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3567703                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1867917                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       469884                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 216515                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        216515                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               325436                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              135647                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      120025                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5803328                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5803328                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11405889                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4700389                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701349                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1201774                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     500425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 41173      0.69%      0.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4553444     76.44%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    15990      0.27%     77.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     16979      0.29%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2482      0.04%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     5110      0.09%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    56400      0.95%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       74      0.00%     78.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    25728      0.43%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   36863      0.62%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    774      0.01%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   676197     11.35%     91.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  439681      7.38%     98.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               25152      0.42%     98.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              60744      1.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5956825                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    34                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        13725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           33181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19456                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        13725                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          33181                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12106                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         15222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3116                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12106                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        15222                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195858000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    743593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    939451000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195858000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    743593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    939451000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48403                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48403                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.138047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.468662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.314485                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.138047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.468662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.314485                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62855.584082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61423.509004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61716.660097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62855.584082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61423.509004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61716.660097                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          663                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              663                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        15222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3116                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12106                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        15222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    189626000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    719381000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    909007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    189626000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    719381000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    909007000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.138047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.468662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314485                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.138047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.468662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314485                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60855.584082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59423.509004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59716.660097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60855.584082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59423.509004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59716.660097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1933                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19456                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        13725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          33181                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3116                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        15222                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    195858000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    743593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    939451000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25831                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.138047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.468662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.314485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62855.584082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61423.509004                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61716.660097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    189626000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    719381000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    909007000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.138047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.468662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314485                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60855.584082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59423.509004                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59716.660097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        18254                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7457.910779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.962752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    39.664180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1610.939784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  5807.306815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.049162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.177225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.227597                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        13426                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1026                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8070                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.409729                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            82016                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           82016                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3875050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3875050                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3875050                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3875050                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          42589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              42589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         42589                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             42589                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    920201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    920201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    920201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    920201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3917639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3917639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010871                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21606.541595                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21606.541595                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21606.541595                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21606.541595                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         42589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    835023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    835023000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19606.541595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19606.541595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19606.541595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19606.541595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      42333                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3875050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3875050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         42589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             42589                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    920201000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    920201000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3917639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3917639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010871                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21606.541595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21606.541595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    835023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    835023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010871                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19606.541595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19606.541595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.505528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3660407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 42333                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.466988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.505528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.986350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3960228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3960228                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               15222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              15222                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          663                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        31107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        31107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  31107                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1016640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1016640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1016640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            18537000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           81493000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          199424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          774784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              974208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       199424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         199424                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        42432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            42432                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3116                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12106                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                15222                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 663                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15814462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           61440909                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               77255371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15814462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15814462                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3364887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3364887                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3364887                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15814462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          61440909                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              80620258                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       652.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3116.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12095.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004647076500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            36                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            36                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                34308                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 593                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        15222                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         663                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      15222                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       663                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      11                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     11                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1011                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                891                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1317                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     146636500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    76055000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                431842750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9640.16                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28390.16                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9547                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      473                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.76                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 72.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  15222                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   663                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    15202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     174.179443                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    117.615578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    203.175606                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3193     54.88%     54.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1254     21.55%     76.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          736     12.65%     89.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          224      3.85%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          136      2.34%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           51      0.88%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      0.50%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           27      0.46%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          168      2.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5818                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      410.972222                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     260.260003                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     474.321740                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              8     22.22%     22.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10     27.78%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7     19.44%     69.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      2.78%     72.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            4     11.11%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      2.78%     86.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      5.56%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      2.78%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      2.78%     97.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      2.78%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             36                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.472222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.449976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.877858                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     25.00%     25.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      2.78%     27.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                26     72.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             36                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  973504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      704                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    40256                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   974208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 42432                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         77.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      77.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.63                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12609427000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      793794.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       199424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       774080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        40256                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15814461.750499395654                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 61385081.794701606035                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3192328.767992336303                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3116                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12106                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          663                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     91872000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    339970750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 287042626750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29483.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28082.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 432945138.39                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     63.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              20398980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10842315                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             56063280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1216260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      995102160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2968085190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2342888160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6394596345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         507.095933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6062730500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    420940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6126559500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              21155820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11236995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             52543260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2067120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      995102160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2714247090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2556646560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6352999005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.797235                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6619489500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    420940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5569800500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1154596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1154596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1155327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1155327                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47457                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1519467000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1519467000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1535431000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1535431000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1201643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1201643                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1202784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1202784                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32296.788318                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32296.788318                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32354.152180                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32354.152180                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 23718                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47457                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1425375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1425375000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1440519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1440519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30296.830829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30296.830829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30354.194323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30354.194323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47200                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          670333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              670333                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             31039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    647863000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    647863000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          701372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.044255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20872.547440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20872.547440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585787000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    585787000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18872.611875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18872.611875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             484263                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16008                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    871604000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    871604000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         500271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54448.025987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54448.025987                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16008                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    839588000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    839588000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52448.025987                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52448.025987                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15964000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15964000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38936.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38936.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15144000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15144000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36936.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36936.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.815320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1186145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47200                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.130191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.815320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1250240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1250240                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           20017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               41642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              41642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22572                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48404                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    483062000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1055184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1538246000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    483062000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1055184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1538246000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           90046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          90046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.537547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.537547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21400.939217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40847.940539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31779.315759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21400.939217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40847.940539                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31779.315759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                18254                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    437918000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1003522000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1441440000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    437918000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1003522000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1441440000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19400.939217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38848.017962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29779.357078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19400.939217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38848.017962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29779.357078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     61262                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          20017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              41642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    483062000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1055184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1538246000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        42589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          90046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.537547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21400.939217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40847.940539                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31779.315759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    437918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1003522000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1441440000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.529996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.544324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.537547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19400.939217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38848.017962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29779.357078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23718                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.393623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 112091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.829699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   137.644906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   102.138866                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   269.609851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.268838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.199490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.526582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          347                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               175538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              175538                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                90046                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               90045                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         23718                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       118631                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        85178                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  203809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4555136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2725696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7280832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           212945000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            208636000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           237280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12610230000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17068157000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108987                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34347380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   217649                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    36.70                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              465043954                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000032                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7988194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017068                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17068157000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            848693                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000032                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7988194                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      963666                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          1636                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      669007                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           694                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5208260                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           297                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17068146                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17068146                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4705712                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2469517                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597211                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 327688                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        327688                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               502201                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              216712                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174808                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7750704                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7750704                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15428314                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6304533                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      962208                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1631161                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     668953                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 59935      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6041717     75.63%     76.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    23656      0.30%     76.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     28382      0.36%     77.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3307      0.04%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     9062      0.11%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    92052      1.15%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       80      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    42536      0.53%     78.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   54598      0.68%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   1946      0.02%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   920110     11.52%     91.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  590957      7.40%     98.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               42098      0.53%     99.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              77996      0.98%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7988466                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    36                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        34501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        22715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           57216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        34501                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        22715                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          57216                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        15551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         18920                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        15551                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        18920                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213570000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    963852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1177422000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213570000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    963852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1177422000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        76136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        76136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.406392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.248503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.406392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.248503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63392.698130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61980.065591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62231.606765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63392.698130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61980.065591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62231.606765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          785                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              785                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        18920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15551                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        18920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206832000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    932750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1139582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206832000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    932750000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1139582000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.406392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248503                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.406392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248503                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61392.698130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59980.065591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60231.606765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61392.698130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59980.065591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60231.606765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2439                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        34501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        22715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          57216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        15551                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        18920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    213570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    963852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1177422000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38266                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        76136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.406392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.248503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63392.698130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61980.065591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62231.606765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    206832000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    932750000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1139582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.088962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.406392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61392.698130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59980.065591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60231.606765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24822                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         9428.201580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               9332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2439                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.826158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    44.413200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1742.192343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  7641.596037                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.053167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.233203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.287726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        16625                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          877                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8952                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6697                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.507355                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           120022                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          120022                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5138594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5138594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5138594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5138594                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          69666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              69666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         69666                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             69666                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1405562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1405562000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1405562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1405562000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5208260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5208260                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20175.724170                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20175.724170                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20175.724170                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20175.724170                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         69666                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1266230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1266230000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1266230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1266230000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18175.724170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18175.724170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18175.724170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18175.724170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      69410                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5138594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5138594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         69666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             69666                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1405562000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1405562000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5208260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5208260                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20175.724170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20175.724170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1266230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1266230000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18175.724170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18175.724170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.418227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4853464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 69410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.924564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.418227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.989915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5277926                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5277926                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          785                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        38625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        38625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  38625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1261120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1261120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1261120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            22845000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          101413500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          215616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          995264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1210880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       215616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         215616                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        50240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            50240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3369                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            15551                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 785                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12632647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           58311158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               70943805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12632647                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12632647                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2943493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2943493                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2943493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12632647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          58311158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              73887298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       772.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3369.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15539.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006167464250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            43                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            43                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                42970                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 712                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18920                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         785                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18920                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       785                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     13                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                864                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1309                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1080                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1095                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 64                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 99                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     191834250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    94540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                546359250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10145.67                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28895.67                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11324                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      574                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18920                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   785                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18899                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     162.064649                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    113.039574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    184.407917                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4393     56.57%     56.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1638     21.09%     77.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1043     13.43%     91.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          263      3.39%     94.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          144      1.85%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           56      0.72%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           29      0.37%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           29      0.37%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          170      2.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7765                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      436.162791                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     292.092140                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     443.651672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              8     18.60%     18.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11     25.58%     44.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7     16.28%     60.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            3      6.98%     67.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            5     11.63%     79.07% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            3      6.98%     86.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      6.98%     93.02% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      2.33%     95.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      2.33%     97.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      2.33%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             43                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.558140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.538356                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.825265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     20.93%     20.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      2.33%     23.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                33     76.74%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             43                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1210112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    48320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1210880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 50240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         70.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      70.94                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17067064000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      866128.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       215616                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       994496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        48320                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12632646.863981857896                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 58266161.952927894890                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2831002.784893529955                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3369                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        15551                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          785                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    101117000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    445242250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 388035953750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30013.95                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28631.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 494313316.88                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              26460840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14064270                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             68758200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1414620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1347290880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4027792140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3162347520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8648128470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.682032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8182671000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    569920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8315566000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              28981260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15403905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             66244920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2526480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1347290880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3756428250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3390864480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8607740175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.315737                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8778310500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    569920000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7719926500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1564284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1564284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1565015                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1565015                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              66976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             67386                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2081706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2081706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2097670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2097670000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1631260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1631260                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1632401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1632401                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.041058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041280                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31081.372432                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31081.372432                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31129.166296                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31129.166296                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 32096                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         66976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1947756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1947756000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1962900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1962900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041058                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041280                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29081.402293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29081.402293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29129.195975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29129.195975                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      67129                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          916071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              916071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             46423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    936541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    936541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       962494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          962494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20174.073196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20174.073196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        46423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    843697000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    843697000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18174.116279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18174.116279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             648213                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            20553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1145165000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1145165000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         668766                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55717.656790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55717.656790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        20553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1104059000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1104059000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030733                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53717.656790                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53717.656790                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               731                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             410                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15964000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     15964000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1141                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38936.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38936.585366                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          410                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     15144000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15144000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.359334                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36936.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36936.585366                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.124739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1614803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 67129                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.055222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.124739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1699786                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1699786                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           31796                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29119                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               60915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              60915                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         37870                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         38267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             76137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            76137                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1430208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2129350000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1430208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2129350000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          137052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         137052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.555534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.555534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18461.631899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37374.447958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27967.348333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18461.631899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37374.447958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27967.348333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24822                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    623402000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1353676000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1977078000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    623402000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1353676000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1977078000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16461.631899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35374.500222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25967.374601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16461.631899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35374.500222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25967.374601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     93821                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          31796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29119                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              60915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            76137                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    699142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1430208000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2129350000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69666                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        67386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         137052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.555534                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18461.631899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37374.447958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27967.348333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        76137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    623402000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1353676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1977078000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.543594                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.567878                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.555534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16461.631899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35374.500222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25967.374601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32096                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.074367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 167659                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                93821                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.787009                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   134.552643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   101.919369                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   273.602356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.262798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.199061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.534380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               263481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              263481                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               137052                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              137051                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         32096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       166867                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  306199                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6366784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4458624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10825408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           348330000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            297532000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           336925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17068157000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21545098000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 114144                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34357176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   227501                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    43.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              491843326                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9965607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021545                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21545098000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055108                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9965607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1148432                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2240                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      865766                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           934                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6485913                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           364                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21545087                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   21545087                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5795752                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3170350                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       757534                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 400785                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        400785                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               612618                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              264838                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      209194                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9678803                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9678803                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19082946                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7846687                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1146734                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2012400                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     865666                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 70202      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7565946     75.92%     76.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    34403      0.35%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     34245      0.34%     77.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4101      0.04%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.11%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   110866      1.11%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     78.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52686      0.53%     79.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   67696      0.68%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1094322     10.98%     90.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  770883      7.74%     98.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52412      0.53%     99.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              94783      0.95%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9965931                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        44299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        28179                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           72478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        44299                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        28179                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          72478                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        23792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         27917                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4125                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23792                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        27917                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264064000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1472339000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1736403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264064000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1472339000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1736403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       100395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       100395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085185                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.278072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085185                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.278072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64015.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61883.784465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62198.767776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64015.515152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61883.784465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62198.767776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5720                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5720                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        27917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        27917                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    255814000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424755000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1680569000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    255814000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424755000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1680569000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62015.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59883.784465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60198.767776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62015.515152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59883.784465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60198.767776                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8268                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        44299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        28179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          72478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23792                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        27917                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264064000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1472339000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1736403000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        51971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       100395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.278072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64015.515152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61883.784465                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62198.767776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    255814000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1424755000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1680569000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.457794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62015.515152                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59883.784465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60198.767776                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34644                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        11286.432885                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              36507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8268                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.415457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    47.886171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1818.383595                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  9420.163119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.055493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.287481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.344435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        19855                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3369                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8056                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8058                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.605927                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           163162                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          163162                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6398049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6398049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6398049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6398049                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          87864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              87864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         87864                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             87864                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1770183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1770183000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1770183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1770183000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6485913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6485913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20146.851953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20146.851953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20146.851953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20146.851953                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         87864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        87864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1594455000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1594455000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1594455000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1594455000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18146.851953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18146.851953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18146.851953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18146.851953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      87608                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6398049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6398049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         87864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             87864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1770183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1770183000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6485913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6485913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013547                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20146.851953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20146.851953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        87864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1594455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1594455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18146.851953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18146.851953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.954704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6114714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 87608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 69.796297                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.954704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6573777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6573777                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27917                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        61554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        61554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  61554                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2152768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2152768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2152768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            56517000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          149440250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          264000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1522688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1786688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       264000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         264000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       366080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           366080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            23792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                27917                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12253367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           70674452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               82927820                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12253367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12253367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        16991336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              16991336                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        16991336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12253367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          70674452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              99919156                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5704.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4125.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     23777.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006167464250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           320                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           320                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                66988                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5390                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        27917                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5720                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      27917                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5720                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      15                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1505                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1957                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1954                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1770                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1653                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1553                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2034                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     282265000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   139510000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                805427500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10116.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28866.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     17592                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4835                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  63.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  27917                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5720                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27893                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     283                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     321                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     320                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        11160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     192.613620                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    123.551934                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    235.153727                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5934     53.17%     53.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2407     21.57%     74.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1410     12.63%     87.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          372      3.33%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          238      2.13%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          126      1.13%     93.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           89      0.80%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           76      0.68%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          508      4.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         11160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       87.184375                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      32.311310                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     220.428225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            276     86.25%     86.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16      5.00%     91.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            8      2.50%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      1.25%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            6      1.88%     96.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            4      1.25%     98.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.94%     99.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.31%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.31%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.31%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.768750                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.756718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.635638                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                36     11.25%     11.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.62%     11.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               282     88.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            320                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1785728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                      960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   363904                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1786688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                366080                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         82.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.89                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      82.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.99                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21544878000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      640511.28                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       264000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1521728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       363904                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12253367.332095682621                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 70629894.558845832944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16890338.581889949739                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4125                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        23792                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5720                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    126351500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    679076000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 505888819000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30630.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28542.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  88442101.22                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.74                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              38320380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              20367765                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             97718040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            14000040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1700708880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5241091290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3859767360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10971973755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         509.256154                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9980279250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    719420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10845398750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              41369160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              21984435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            101502240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15680880                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1700708880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5032218780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4035660000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10949124375                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.195617                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10438556750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    719420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10387121250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1926017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1926017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1927859                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1927859                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          85218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              85218                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         86015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             86015                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2878687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2878687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2924091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2924091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2011235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2011235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2013874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2013874                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.042371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.042711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33780.269427                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33780.269427                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33995.128757                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33995.128757                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 43140                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        85218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         85218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        86015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2708253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2708253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2752063000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2752063000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31780.292896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31780.292896                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31995.152008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31995.152008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      85758                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1089701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1089701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56054                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1137176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1137176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1145755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1145755                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.048923                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20287.151675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20287.151675                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1025068000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1025068000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18287.151675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18287.151675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         836316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             836316                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        29164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            29164                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1741511000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1741511000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         865480                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033697                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59714.408174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59714.408174                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        29164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1683185000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1683185000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57714.476752                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57714.476752                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     45404000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     45404000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56968.632371                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56968.632371                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43810000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43810000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54968.632371                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54968.632371                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.306613                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2009784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 85758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.435528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.306613                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2099888                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2099888                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           39440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               73483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              73483                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         48424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         51972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            100396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           100396                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    885326000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2100378000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2985704000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    885326000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2100378000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2985704000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          173879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         173879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.577390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18282.793656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40413.645809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29739.272481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18282.793656                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40413.645809                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29739.272481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                34644                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    788478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1996436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2784914000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    788478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1996436000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2784914000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16282.793656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38413.684292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27739.292402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16282.793656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38413.684292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27739.292402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    122192                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          39440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              73483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           100396                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    885326000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2100378000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2985704000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        87864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        86015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         173879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.577390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18282.793656                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40413.645809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29739.272481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        48424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       100396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    788478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1996436000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2784914000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.604220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.577390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16282.793656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38413.684292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27739.292402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        43140                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.474502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 216250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               122192                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.769756                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   126.298494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    97.281454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   286.894554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.246677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.190003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.560341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          336                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               339723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              339723                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               173879                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              173878                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         43140                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       215169                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       175728                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  390897                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8265856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5623296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           439320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            389579000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           430070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21545098000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25757063000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121255                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34371412                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   240661                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    49.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              520501089                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000283                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11909122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025757                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25757063000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1314536                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000283                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11909122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1321074                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2322                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1021912                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1071                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7828993                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           443                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25757052                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25757052                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7074704                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3885654                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       972127                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 403600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        403600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               616283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              266058                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      237353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11616183                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11616183                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22533962                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9370948                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1319362                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2341175                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1021813                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71468      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9176702     77.05%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    35108      0.29%     77.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35108      0.29%     78.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4151      0.03%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.09%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   111250      0.93%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52870      0.44%     79.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   68230      0.57%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1266748     10.64%     90.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  925619      7.77%     98.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52614      0.44%     99.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96194      0.81%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11909448                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        50982                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        28920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           79902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        50982                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        28920                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          79902                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        28883                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         33628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4745                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28883                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        33628                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    304105000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1777319000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2081424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    304105000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1777319000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2081424000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       113530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       113530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499680                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.296204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499680                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.296204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64089.567966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61535.124468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61895.563221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64089.567966                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61535.124468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61895.563221                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        10597                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            10597                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        33628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28883                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        33628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294615000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1719553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2014168000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294615000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1719553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2014168000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62089.567966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59535.124468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59895.563221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62089.567966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59535.124468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59895.563221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 13463                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        50982                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        28920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          79902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4745                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28883                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        33628                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    304105000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1777319000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2081424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       113530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.296204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64089.567966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61535.124468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61895.563221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294615000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1719553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2014168000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.085147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.499680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62089.567966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59535.124468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59895.563221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        40388                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        12756.875720                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              50507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            13463                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.751541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    53.136483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1916.774568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 10786.964669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.058495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.329192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.389309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        20408                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        12232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.622803                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           187789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          187789                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7713843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7713843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7713843                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7713843                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         115150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             115150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        115150                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            115150                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2247638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2247638000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2247638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2247638000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7828993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7828993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19519.218411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19519.218411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19519.218411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19519.218411                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        115150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       115150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2017340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2017340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2017340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2017340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17519.235779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17519.235779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17519.235779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17519.235779                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     114893                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7713843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7713843                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        115150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            115150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2247638000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2247638000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7828993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7828993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19519.218411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19519.218411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       115150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2017340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2017340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17519.235779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17519.235779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.289164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7544664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                114893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 65.666873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.289164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7944142                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7944142                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               33628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              33628                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        10597                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        77853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        77853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  77853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2830400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2830400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2830400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            86613000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          179706750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          303680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1848512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2152192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       303680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         303680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       678208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           678208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4745                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            28883                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                33628                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         10597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               10597                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11790164                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           71767189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               83557353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11790164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11790164                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        26330952                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              26330952                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        26330952                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11790164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          71767189                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             109888305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     10581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4745.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     28865.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006167464250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           594                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           594                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                84313                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10002                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        33628                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       10597                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      33628                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     10597                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1878                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2086                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1801                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                672                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               660                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.25                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     330116500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   168050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                960304000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9821.97                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28571.97                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     22373                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9080                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.57                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  33628                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 10597                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    33601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     526                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     529                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     596                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     595                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     594                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        12715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     222.316319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    135.573883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    270.530493                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6248     49.14%     49.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2871     22.58%     71.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1519     11.95%     83.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          458      3.60%     87.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          304      2.39%     89.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          181      1.42%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          147      1.16%     92.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          129      1.01%     93.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          858      6.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         12715                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       56.572391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      25.808422                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     165.142993                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            550     92.59%     92.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16      2.69%     95.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            8      1.35%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      0.67%     97.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            6      1.01%     98.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            4      0.67%     98.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.51%     99.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.17%     99.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.17%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            594                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.774411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.762457                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.633216                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                66     11.11%     11.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.51%     11.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               524     88.22%     99.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            594                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2151040                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   675712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2152192                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                678208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         83.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         26.23                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      83.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      26.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.65                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25735045000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      581911.70                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       303680                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1847360                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       675712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11790164.119255367666                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 71722463.077409103513                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 26234046.948598138988                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4745                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        28883                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        10597                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    145716500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    814587500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 608346074500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30709.48                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28203.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  57407386.48                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     71.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              43268400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              22997700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            116367720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            26319240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2033229120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5698434780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5092068000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13032684960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         505.984901                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13175741250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    859968000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11721353750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              47516700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              25255725                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            123607680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            28793520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2033229120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5535674130                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5229129600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13023206475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.616905                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13532775750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    859968000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11364319250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2248520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2248520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2250362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2250362                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          91501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              91501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         92298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             92298                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3291145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3291145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3336549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3336549000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2340021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2340021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2342660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2342660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.039103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039399                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35968.404717                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35968.404717                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36149.743223                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36149.743223                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           48810                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 48810                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        91501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         91501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92298                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3108143000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3108143000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3151953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3151953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039399                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33968.404717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33968.404717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34149.743223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34149.743223                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      92042                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         56915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             56915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1158103000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1158103000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1318397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.043170                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20347.939910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20347.939910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1044273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1044273000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18347.939910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18347.939910                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         987038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             987038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        34586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            34586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2133042000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2133042000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1021624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1021624                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033854                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61673.567339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61673.567339                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        34586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2063870000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2063870000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033854                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59673.567339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59673.567339                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1842                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             797                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     45404000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     45404000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2639                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56968.632371                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56968.632371                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          797                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     43810000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43810000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54968.632371                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54968.632371                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.420000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2112959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 92042                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.956466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.420000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2434958                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2434958                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           59422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               93917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          59422                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34495                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              93917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         55728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         57803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            113531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           113531                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1019066000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2470992000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3490058000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1019066000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2470992000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3490058000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          207448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         207448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.547274                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.547274                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18286.426931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42748.507863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30741.013468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18286.426931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42748.507863                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30741.013468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          40388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                40388                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    907612000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2355386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3262998000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    907612000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2355386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3262998000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16286.462819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40748.507863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28741.031084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16286.462819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40748.507863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28741.031084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    136023                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          59422                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              93917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           113531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1019066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2470992000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3490058000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       115150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        92298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         207448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.547274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18286.426931                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42748.507863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30741.013468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       113531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    907612000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2355386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3262998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.483960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.547274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16286.462819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40748.507863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28741.031084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        48810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.723961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 237413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               136023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.745389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   118.188542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   112.202469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   280.332950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.230837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.219145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.547525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          456                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               392793                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              392793                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               207448                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              207447                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         48810                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       233406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       230299                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  463705                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9030912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7369536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 16400448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           575745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            451498000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           461490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25757063000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                29765214000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 130221                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34378316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   255983                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    53.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              553719647                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13760356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.029765                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 29765214000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1559409                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13760356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1537484                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                          2346                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1130374                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          1079                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9150476                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           474                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         29765214                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   29765214                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8433541                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4557308                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1161124                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 403600                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        403600                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               616283                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              266058                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      275126                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13462401                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13462401                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25995195                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10864965                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1535772                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2666047                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1130275                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 72686      0.53%      0.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10700726     77.76%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    36228      0.26%     78.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     35108      0.26%     78.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    4151      0.03%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    10940      0.08%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   111250      0.81%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      164      0.00%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    52870      0.38%     80.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   68230      0.50%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   2248      0.02%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   2      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   2      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  17      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 12      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1483158     10.78%     91.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1034081      7.51%     98.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               52614      0.38%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              96194      0.70%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13760682                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    39                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        60010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        30589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           90599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        60010                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        30589                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          90599                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4946                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        29955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         34901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4946                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29955                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        34901                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    316817000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2166962000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    316817000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2166962000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       125500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.076144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494764                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.278096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.076144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494764                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.278096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64055.196118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61764.146219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62088.822670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64055.196118                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61764.146219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62088.822670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks        11639                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total            11639                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        34901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4946                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        34901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    306925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1790235000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2097160000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    306925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1790235000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2097160000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.076144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494764                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.076144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494764                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62055.196118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59764.146219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60088.822670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62055.196118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59764.146219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60088.822670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 14654                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        60010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        30589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          90599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4946                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29955                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        34901                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    316817000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1850145000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2166962000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.076144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.278096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64055.196118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61764.146219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62088.822670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    306925000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1790235000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2097160000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.076144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.278096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62055.196118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59764.146219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60088.822670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        41607                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse        13790.865841                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             167107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            35153                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.753705                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    58.034322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2017.766307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data 11715.065213                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.061577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.357515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.420864                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        20499                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          619                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11589                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         8277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.625580                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           202260                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          202260                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9000030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9000030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9000030                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9000030                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         150446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             150446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        150446                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            150446                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2826340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2826340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2826340000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2826340000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9150476                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9150476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18786.408412                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18786.408412                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18786.408412                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18786.408412                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2525448000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2525448000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2525448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2525448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16786.408412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16786.408412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16786.408412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16786.408412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     150190                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9000030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9000030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        150446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            150446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2826340000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2826340000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9150476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9150476                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.016441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18786.408412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18786.408412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       150446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2525448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2525448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16786.408412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16786.408412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.519544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9150476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                150446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 60.822328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.519544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994217                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9300922                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9300922                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               34901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34901                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        11639                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        81441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        81441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  81441                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2978560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2978560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2978560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            93096000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          186582250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          316544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1917120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2233664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       316544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         316544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       744896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           744896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4946                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            29955                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                34901                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks         11639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total               11639                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10634696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           64408070                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               75042766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10634696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10634696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        25025723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              25025723                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        25025723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10634696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          64408070                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             100068489                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples     11623.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4946.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     29937.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006167464250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           654                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           654                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                88912                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState               10988                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        34901                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                       11639                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      34901                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                     11639                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      18                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2025                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2195                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2380                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                923                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               860                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.04                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     349266250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   174415000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1003322500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10012.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28762.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     22987                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     9928                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 85.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  34901                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                 11639                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    34874                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        9                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     568                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     573                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     655                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     654                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     219.213675                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.751392                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    266.348124                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6631     48.86%     48.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3177     23.41%     72.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1591     11.72%     83.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          492      3.63%     87.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          329      2.42%     90.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          190      1.40%     91.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          155      1.14%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          134      0.99%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          873      6.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13572                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       53.331804                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      25.316504                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     157.707995                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            610     93.27%     93.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16      2.45%     95.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            8      1.22%     96.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            4      0.61%     97.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            6      0.92%     98.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            4      0.61%     99.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            3      0.46%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.15%     99.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.15%     99.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2560-2687            1      0.15%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            654                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.743119                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.729848                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.667380                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                82     12.54%     12.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      0.76%     13.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               566     86.54%     99.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.15%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            654                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2232512                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   742656                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2233664                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                744896                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         75.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         24.95                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      75.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      25.03                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    29754561000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      639333.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       316544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1915968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       742656                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10634695.923906341195                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 64369367.544275000691                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 24950467.347555436194                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4946                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        29955                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks        11639                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    151715750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    851606750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 696784242250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30674.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28429.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  59866332.35                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              46074420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              24489135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            120623160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            29059740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2349154080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6132693840                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6265468800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         14967563175                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         502.854210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16221884000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    993720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  12549610000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              50829660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              27016605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            128441460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            31513140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2349154080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5854331490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6499879200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         14941165635                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         501.967351                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16833682500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    993720000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11937811500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2562280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2562280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2570356                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2570356                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          93391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              93391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         97176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             97176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3354106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3354106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3491545000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3491545000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2655671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2655671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2667532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2667532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.035167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.036429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35914.659871                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35914.659871                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35930.116490                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35930.116490                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           50706                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 50706                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        93391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         93391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        97176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3167324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3167324000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3297193000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3297193000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33914.659871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33914.659871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33930.116490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33930.116490                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      96920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1467687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1467687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         57898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             57898                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1179777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1179777000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1525585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1525585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20376.817852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20376.817852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1063981000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1063981000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037951                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18376.817852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18376.817852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1094593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1094593                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        35493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            35493                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2174329000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   2174329000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1130086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1130086                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031407                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61260.783817                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61260.783817                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        35493                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2103343000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2103343000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031407                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59260.783817                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59260.783817                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8076                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8076                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            3785                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    137439000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total    137439000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data        11861                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         11861                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.319113                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.319113                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36311.492734                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36311.492734                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    129869000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    129869000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.319113                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319113                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34311.492734                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34311.492734                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.498102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2667532                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 97176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.450523                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.498102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2764708                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2764708                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           85490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total              122122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          85490                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36632                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total             122122                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         64956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         60544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            125500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           125500                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1151353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2577307000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3728660000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1151353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2577307000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3728660000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          247622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         247622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.506821                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.506821                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17725.121621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42569.156316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29710.438247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17725.121621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42569.156316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29710.438247                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          41607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                41607                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1021441000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2456219000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3477660000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1021441000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2456219000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3477660000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15725.121621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40569.156316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27710.438247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15725.121621                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40569.156316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27710.438247                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    149066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          85490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total             122122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           125500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1151353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2577307000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3728660000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       150446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        97176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         247622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.506821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17725.121621                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42569.156316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29710.438247                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        64956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       125500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1021441000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2456219000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3477660000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.431756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.623034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15725.121621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40569.156316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27710.438247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        50706                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.895791                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 298328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               149578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994464                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   117.139348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   129.515607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   264.240836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.228788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.252960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.516095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               447906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              447906                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               247622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              247622                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         50706                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       300892                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  545950                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9464448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      9628544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19092992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           752230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            501152000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           485880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  29765214000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
