
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3602907000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 123097                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34199488                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   217019                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.12                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              443485553                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1763067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003603                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3602907000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            268143                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1763067                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      133575                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           233                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1323466                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3602896                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3602896                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1413559                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              720026                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       230507                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  49579                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         49579                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                49916                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1725244                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1725244                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2893034                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1324928                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        161704                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     133573                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      1.89%      1.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1566516     88.85%     90.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.06%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     90.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.01%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     90.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.01%     90.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.01%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     90.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      1.59%     92.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      4.80%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.01%     97.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              48966      2.78%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1763168                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            249                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7801                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8382                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    466495000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    500380000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    466495000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    500380000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         8631                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988720                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.971151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988720                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.971151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59799.384694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59696.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59799.384694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59696.969697                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3606                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3606                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    450893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    483616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    450893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    483616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57799.384694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57696.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57799.384694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57696.969697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4347                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    466495000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    500380000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         8631                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988720                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.971151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59799.384694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59696.969697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    450893000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    483616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.988720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57799.384694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57696.969697                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1559.197187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               8176                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4347                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.880837                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    17.962470                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.321643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1292.913074                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.060625                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.315653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.380663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            24299                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           24299                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1322713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1322713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1322713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1322713                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1323466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1323466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1322713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1322713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1323466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1323466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000569                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000569                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               233.275994                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   233.275994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.911234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.911234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1324219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1324219                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8382                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3606                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        20370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        20370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  20370                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       767232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       767232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  767232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            26412000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           44243750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          499264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              536448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       230784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           230784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7801                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3606                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10320555                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          138572547                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              148893102                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10320555                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10320555                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        64054942                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              64054942                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        64054942                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10320555                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         138572547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             212948044                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3606.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7800.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006003858500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           223                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           223                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21061                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3363                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8382                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3606                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8382                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3606                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               538                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               570                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 68                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        9.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      64306500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    41905000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                221450250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7672.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26422.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7310                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3301                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  87.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 91.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8382                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3606                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8381                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     569.418778                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    407.331379                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    387.522730                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           100      7.45%      7.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          276     20.57%     28.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          239     17.81%     45.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           68      5.07%     50.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           56      4.17%     55.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           46      3.43%     58.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      2.91%     61.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           35      2.61%     64.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          483     35.99%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       37.515695                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      17.815645                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     237.334444                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            219     98.21%     98.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.90%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.45%     99.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            223                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.026906                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.025372                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.230926                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16               220     98.65%     98.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3      1.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            223                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  536384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   228736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   536448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                230784                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        148.88                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         63.49                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     148.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      64.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3602843000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      300537.45                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       499200                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       228736                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10320555.040693528950                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 138554783.678846001625                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 63486512.418999440968                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          581                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7801                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3606                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14522500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    206927750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  32709054750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24995.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26525.80                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   9070730.66                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     88.52                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5876220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3123285                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32722620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11207340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      283963680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1193045910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         378846240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1908785295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         529.790332                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    971967500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    120120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2510819500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3719940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1969605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             27117720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7448940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      283963680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         354070320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1085352000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1763642205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.505337                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2816292000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    120120000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    666495000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           153687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               153687                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          153687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              153687                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7925                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7925                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    593945000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    593945000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    601335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    601335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       161514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           161514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       161612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          161612                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75884.119075                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75884.119075                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75878.233438                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75878.233438                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7484                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7484                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    578293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    578293000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    585487000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    585487000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049037                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73884.374601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73884.374601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73878.485804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73878.485804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       7668                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52171.806167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52171.806167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50171.806167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50171.806167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         125874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             125874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7600                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    582102000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    582102000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       133474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         133474                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76592.368421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76592.368421                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566904000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    566904000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 74592.631579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 74592.631579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.033127                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  159563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  7668                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.808946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.033127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.964973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                169536                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               169536                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              8632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             8632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553463000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    595819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553463000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    595819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total            8678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total           8678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.994699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.994699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70138.512229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69024.443930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70138.512229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69024.443930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    537683000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    578557000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    537683000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    578557000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68138.765682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67024.675626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68138.765682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67024.675626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8947                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             8632                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    553463000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    595819000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total           8678                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.994699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70138.512229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69024.443930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8632                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    537683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    578557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.995710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.994699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68138.765682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67024.675626                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              484.049689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  15393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.720465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    50.327435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    48.221614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   385.500640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.098296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.094183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.752931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.945410                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                25621                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               25621                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                 8678                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp                8677                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7484                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23333                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       986112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1034304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46098000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            39620000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3602907000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19741600000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  70686                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34200188                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   132997                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    28.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              697720177                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019742                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19741600000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            411000                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1278663                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          4697                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2754268                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19741589                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19741589                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2127844                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1291454                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       373364                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1194667                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1194667                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              1195004                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3727474                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3727474                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7471154                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2039213                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1306792                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1278661                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.89%      0.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2423658     64.37%     65.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.03%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     65.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.74%     66.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      2.25%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     68.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            1194054     31.71%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3765398                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            249                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       150658                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        151239                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       150658                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       151239                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9315017000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   9348902000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9315017000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   9348902000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       151488                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       151488                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.998356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.998356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61828.890600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61815.417981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61828.890600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61815.417981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       146463                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           146463                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       151239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150658                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       151239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9013701000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9046424000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9013701000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9046424000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59828.890600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59815.417981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59828.890600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59815.417981                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                147204                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       150658                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       151239                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9315017000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9348902000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       150747                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       151488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999410                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.998356                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61828.890600                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61815.417981                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9013701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9046424000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.998356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59828.890600                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59815.417981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       150082                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3633.025134                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             293890                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           147204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.996481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.278210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    45.319517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3584.427407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.011064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.875104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.886969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          796                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           452870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          452870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2753515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2753515                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2753515                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2753515                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2754268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2754268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2753515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2753515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2754268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2754268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               238.772847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   238.772847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.932706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.932706                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2755021                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2755021                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              151239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             151239                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       146463                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       448941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       448941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 448941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     19052928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     19052928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                19052928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy           883554000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          795564000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         9642112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             9679296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks      9373632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total          9373632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           150658                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               151239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        146463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              146463                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1883535                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          488415934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              490299469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1883535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1883535                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       474816226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             474816226                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       474816226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1883535                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         488415934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             965115695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    146463.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    150657.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006003858500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds          9152                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds          9152                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               444531                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              137775                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       151239                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      146463                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     151239                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    146463                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               9406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               9335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               9280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               9239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               9316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               9435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               9480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               9596                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               9512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              9532                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              9498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              9484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              9492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              9530                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              9619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0               9064                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1               8964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2               8995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3               8974                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4               9028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5               9164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6               9216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7               9216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8               9216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9               9220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10              9216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11              9216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12              9216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13              9225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14              9218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15              9290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.86                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    1482943500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   756190000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               4318656000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9805.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28555.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    138368                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   135961                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 151239                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                146463                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   151238                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                    9153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                    9153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                    9153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                    9153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                    9153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                    9153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                    9153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                    9153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                    9152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                    9152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                    9152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                    9152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                    9152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                    9152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                    9152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                    9152                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        23346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     815.998629                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    726.008481                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    296.406790                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           320      1.37%      1.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          892      3.82%      5.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          996      4.27%      9.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2621     11.23%     20.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1472      6.31%     26.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1642      7.03%     34.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          417      1.79%     35.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          593      2.54%     38.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        14393     61.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         23346                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples         9152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.524257                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.041960                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      37.114614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           9148     99.96%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total           9152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples         9152                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000656                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000618                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.036206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16              9149     99.97%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3      0.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total           9152                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 9679232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                  9372032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  9679296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys               9373632                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        490.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        474.74                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     490.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     474.82                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          7.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      3.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     3.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19741536000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       66313.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      9642048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks      9372032                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1883535.275762856007                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 488412691.980386555195                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 474735178.506301403046                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          581                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       150658                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       146463                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14522500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   4304133500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 432305584000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24995.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28568.90                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2951636.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.15                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              84694680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              45016290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            544517820                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           385324740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1558112400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5045451900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3331972800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10995090630                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         556.950330                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8536017250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    659100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10546482750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              82002900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              43581780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            535321500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           379081620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1558112400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4183621020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4057725120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10839446340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         549.066253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10431053000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    659100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8651447000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1153686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1153686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1153686                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1153686                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         150684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             150684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        150782                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            150782                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11871036000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  11871036000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11878426000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  11878426000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1304370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1304370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1304468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1304468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.115522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.115589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78780.998646                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78780.998646                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78778.806489                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78778.806489                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          150341                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                150341                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        150684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       150782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11569670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11569670000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11576864000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11576864000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.115589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76781.011919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76781.011919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76778.819753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76778.819753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     150525                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52171.806167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52171.806167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50171.806167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50171.806167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1125873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1125873                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       150457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           150457                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11859193000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11859193000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1276330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1276330                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.117883                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78821.144912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78821.144912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       150457                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11558281000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11558281000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.117883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117883                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76821.158205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76821.158205                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.363516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1302419                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                150525                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.652510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.363516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1455249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1455249                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        150748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            151489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           151489                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10973412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  11015768000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10973412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  11015768000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          151535                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         151535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72793.085149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72716.619689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72793.085149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72716.619689                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         150082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               150082                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10671918000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10712792000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10671918000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10712792000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70793.098416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70716.632891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70793.098416                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70716.632891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    151804                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           151489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10973412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  11015768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       150782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         151535                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72793.085149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72716.619689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       150748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       151489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10671918000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10712792000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999775                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70793.098416                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70716.632891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       150341                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.898976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 301107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               151804                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.983525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     9.184923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     8.800603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   488.913450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.017939                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.954909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               454192                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              454192                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               151535                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              151534                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        150341                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       451904                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  453410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     19271808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19320000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            903240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           753905000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               3.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19741600000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                35880453000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  64720                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34200456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   124328                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    46.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              774052801                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5763077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.035880                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35880453000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            553858                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000007                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5763077                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     2423759                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                          9161                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4185080                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         35880442                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   35880442                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2842134                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1862886                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       516222                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2339763                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2339763                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2340100                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5729718                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5729718                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            12049306                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2753503                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2451888                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    2423757                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.58%      0.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3280806     56.88%     57.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.02%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     57.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     57.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.49%     57.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      1.47%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     59.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            2339150     40.56%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5767642                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            249                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       293516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        294097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       293516                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       294097                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18163648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  18197533000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18163648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  18197533000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       294346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       294346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61882.991046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61875.955892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61882.991046                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61875.955892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       289321                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           289321                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       294097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       294097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17576616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17609339000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17576616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17609339000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999154                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999154                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59882.991046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59875.955892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59882.991046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59875.955892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                290062                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       293516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       294097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18163648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18197533000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       293605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       294346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999154                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61882.991046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61875.955892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       294097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17576616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17609339000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59882.991046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59875.955892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       292940                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3841.268974                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             579606                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           290062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998214                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.803687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    24.935019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3814.530267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.931282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.937810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           881444                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          881444                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4184327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4184327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4184327                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4184327                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4185080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4185080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4184327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4184327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4185080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4185080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.324814                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.324814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.934863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.934863                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4185833                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4185833                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              294097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             294097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       289321                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       877515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       877515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 877515                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     37338752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     37338752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                37338752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          1740702000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1546889000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        18785024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            18822208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     18516544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         18516544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           293516                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               294097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        289321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              289321                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            1036330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          523544784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              524581114                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       1036330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           1036330                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       516062158                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             516062158                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       516062158                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           1036330                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         523544784                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1040643272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    289321.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    293515.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006003858500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         18081                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         18081                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               868002                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              272190                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       294097                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      289321                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     294097                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    289321                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              18351                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              18295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              18240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              18199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              18276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              18395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              18444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              18440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              18556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              18472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             18492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             18458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             18341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             18324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             18362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             18451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              18024                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              17924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              17955                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              17934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              17988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              18124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              18180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             18176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             18054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             18057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             18050                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             18132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    2901638000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  1470480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               8415938000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9866.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28616.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    269427                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   268619                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 294097                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                289321                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   294096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   18082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   18082                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   18081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   18081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   18081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   18081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   18081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   18081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   18081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   18081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   18081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   18081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   18081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   18081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   18081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   18081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        45350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     823.301080                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    738.538117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    290.118989                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           539      1.19%      1.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1510      3.33%      4.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1754      3.87%      8.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         5173     11.41%     19.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2887      6.37%     26.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         3236      7.14%     33.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          796      1.76%     35.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1150      2.54%     37.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        28305     62.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         45350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        18081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.265361                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.021225                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      26.405926                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          18077     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          18081                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        18081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000332                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.025761                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             18078     99.98%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          18081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                18822144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 18515328                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 18822208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              18516544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        524.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        516.03                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     524.58                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     516.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    35880389000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       61500.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     18784960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     18515328                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 1036330.282675082213                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 523542999.861233651638                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 516028267.536087155342                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          581                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       293516                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       289321                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14522500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   8401415500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 831898610000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24995.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28623.36                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2875348.18                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.22                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             162991920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              86624670                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1052835840                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy           756905220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2832261120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        8875482540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6304003680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         20071104990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         559.388283                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16149996250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1198080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  18532376750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             160821360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              85478580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1047009600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy           753251220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2832261120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        8036906520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7010172960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         19925901360                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         555.341410                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17993320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1198080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  16689053000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2153692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2153692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2153692                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2153692                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         293542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             293542                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        293640                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            293640                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23148253000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23148253000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23155643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23155643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2447234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2447234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2447332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2447332                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.119948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.119984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78858.401864                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78858.401864                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78857.250375                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78857.250375                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          293199                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                293199                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        293542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       293640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22561171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22561171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22568365000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22568365000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119948                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76858.408677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76858.408677                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76857.257186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76857.257186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     293383                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52171.806167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52171.806167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50171.806167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50171.806167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        2125879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            2125879                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       293315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           293315                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23136410000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  23136410000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      2419194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        2419194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.121245                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78879.054941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78879.054941                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       293315                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  22549782000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22549782000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121245                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76879.061760                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76879.061760                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.099599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2445283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                293383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.334781                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.099599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2740971                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2740971                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        293606                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            294347                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           294347                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21393481000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  21435837000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21393481000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  21435837000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          294393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         294393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999844                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72864.590642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72825.056821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72864.590642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72825.056821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         292940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               292940                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20806271000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20847145000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20806271000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20847145000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70864.597454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70825.063615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70864.597454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70825.063615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    294662                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           294347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  21393481000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21435837000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       293640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         294393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72864.590642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72825.056821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       293606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       294347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20806271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20847145000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70864.597454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70825.063615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       293199                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.193392                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 586823                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               294662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.991512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     5.053589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     4.842135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   499.297668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.009457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.975191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               882766                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              882766                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               294393                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              294392                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        293199                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       880478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  881984                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     37557632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 37605824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           1760388000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          1468195000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  35880453000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                52018735000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  70371                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34200456                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   136574                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              915153944                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7763075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.052019                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 52018735000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            696715                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7763075                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     3568847                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         13625                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5615882                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         52018724                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   52018724                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3556419                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2434314                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       659079                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3484851                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3484851                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3485188                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7731948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7731948                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16627426                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3467788                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       3596976                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    3568845                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4137948     53.26%     53.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     53.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     53.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.36%     54.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      1.09%     55.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     55.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            3484238     44.84%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7769872                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            249                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       436373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        436954                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       436373                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       436954                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27011759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  27045644000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27011759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  27045644000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       437203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       437203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999430                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999430                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61900.619424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61895.860892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61900.619424                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61895.860892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       432178                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           432178                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       436954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       436954                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26139013000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26171736000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26139013000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26171736000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999430                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999430                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59900.619424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59895.860892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59900.619424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59895.860892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                432919                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       436373                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       436954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  27011759000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  27045644000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       436462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       437203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61900.619424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61895.860892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       436954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26139013000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  26171736000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59900.619424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59895.860892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       435797                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3920.296677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             865320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           432919                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.244112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    17.199184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3901.853381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.952601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.957104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1310015                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1310015                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5615129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5615129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5615129                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5615129                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5615882                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5615882                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5615129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5615129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5615882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5615882                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.534284                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.534284                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.935681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.935681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5616635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5616635                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              436954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             436954                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       432178                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1306086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1306086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1306086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     55624448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     55624448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                55624448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          2597844000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2298208750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        27927872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            27965056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     27659392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         27659392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           436373                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               436954                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        432178                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              432178                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             714819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          536881029                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              537595849                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        714819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            714819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       531719812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             531719812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       531719812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            714819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         536881029                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1069315661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    432178.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    436372.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006003858500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         27009                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         27009                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1291471                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              406587                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       436954                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      432178                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     436954                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    432178                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              27311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              27255                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              27200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              27159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              27236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              27355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              27404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              27400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              27422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              27304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             27324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             27290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             27276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             27284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             27322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             27411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              26984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              26884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              26915                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              26894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              26948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              27084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              27136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              27136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              27014                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              27012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             27008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             27008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             27008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             27017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             27010                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             27092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    4319864500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2184765000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              12512733250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9886.34                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28636.34                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    400486                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   401264                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 436954                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                432178                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   436953                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   27010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   27010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   27010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   27010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   27010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   27010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   27010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   27010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   27010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   27010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   27010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   27009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   27009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   27009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   27009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   27009                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        67351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     825.841457                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    742.926532                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    287.864805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           759      1.13%      1.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2128      3.16%      4.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2510      3.73%      8.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511         7724     11.47%     19.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         4302      6.39%     25.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4829      7.17%     33.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1175      1.74%     34.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1709      2.54%     37.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        42215     62.68%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         67351                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        27009                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.177644                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.014206                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      21.605367                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          27005     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          27009                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        27009                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000222                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.021078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             27006     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          27009                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                27964992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 27657600                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 27965056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              27659392                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        537.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        531.69                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     537.60                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     531.72                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    52018671000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       59851.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     27927808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     27657600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 714819.381901539862                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 536879799.172355890274                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 531685362.975474119186                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          581                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       436373                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       432178                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14522500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  12498210750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1231444915500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24995.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28641.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2849392.88                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.25                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             241253460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             128225460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           1561039620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1128402180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      4105795200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       12704865090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9276360480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         29145941490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         560.297006                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23764757250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   1736800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  26517177750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             239646960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             127371585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           1558804800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1127420820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      4105795200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       11890267830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        9962337120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         29011644315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         557.715298                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  25554877000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   1736800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  24727058000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          3153691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              3153691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3153691                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             3153691                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         436399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             436399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        436497                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            436497                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34424933000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34424933000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34432323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34432323000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      3590090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          3590090                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      3590188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         3590188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.121557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.121581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78884.078561                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78884.078561                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78883.298167                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78883.298167                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          436056                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                436056                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        436399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       436497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33552137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33552137000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33559331000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33559331000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.121581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121581                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76884.083144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76884.083144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76883.302749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76883.302749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     436240                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52171.806167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52171.806167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50171.806167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50171.806167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        3125878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            3125878                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       436172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           436172                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34413090000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  34413090000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      3562050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        3562050                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.122450                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78897.980613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78897.980613                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       436172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  33540748000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33540748000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122450                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76897.985198                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76897.985198                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.378939                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 3588139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                436240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.225149                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.378939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               4026684                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              4026684                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        436463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            437204                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           437204                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31813019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  31855375000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31813019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  31855375000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          437250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         437250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72888.237949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72861.581779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72888.237949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72861.581779                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         435797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               435797                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30940095000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30980969000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30940095000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30980969000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70888.242531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70861.586353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70888.242531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70861.586353                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    437519                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           437204                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  31813019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  31855375000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       436497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         437250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72888.237949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72861.581779                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       436463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       437204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30940095000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30980969000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999922                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70888.242531                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70861.586353                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       436056                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.064113                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 872537                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               437519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.994284                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     3.485765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     3.339912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   503.238437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.006808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.006523                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1311337                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1311337                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               437250                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              437249                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        436056                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1309049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1310555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     55843328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 55891520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           2617530000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2182480000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  52018735000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                68157516000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  80696                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34200588                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   157568                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    61.96                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1100006671                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9763073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.068158                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 68157516000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            839572                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9763073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     4713935                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         18089                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7046684                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         68157505                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   68157505                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4270704                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3005742                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       801936                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4629939                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4629939                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              4630276                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9734178                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9734178                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21205546                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4182073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       4742064                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    4713933                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.34%      0.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4995090     51.12%     51.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     51.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.29%     51.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.87%     52.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     52.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            4629326     47.37%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9772102                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            249                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       579230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        579811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       579230                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       579811                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35860369000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  35894254000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35860369000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  35894254000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       580060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       580060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61910.413825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61906.817911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61910.413825                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61906.817911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       575035                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           575035                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       579811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579230                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       579811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34701909000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34734632000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34701909000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34734632000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59910.413825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59906.817911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59910.413825                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59906.817911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                575776                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579230                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       579811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  35860369000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  35894254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       580060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999846                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61910.413825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61906.817911                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       579811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  34701909000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34734632000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59910.413825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59906.817911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578654                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3961.900855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1151034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           575776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999100                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.949523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    13.126649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3947.824683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.963824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.967261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          795                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          1738586                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         1738586                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7045931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7045931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7045931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7045931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7046684                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7046684                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000107                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7045931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7045931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7046684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7046684                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000107                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000107                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.644559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.644559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7047437                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7047437                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              579811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             579811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       575035                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1734657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1734657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1734657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     73910144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     73910144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                73910144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          3454986000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3049528500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        37070720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            37107904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     36802240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         36802240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           579230                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               579811                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        575035                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              575035                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             545560                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          543897756                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              544443316                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        545560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            545560                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       539958645                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             539958645                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       539958645                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            545560                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         543897756                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1084401961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    575035.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    579229.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006003858500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         35938                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         35938                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              1714939                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              541002                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       579811                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      575035                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     579811                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    575035                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              36271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              36215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              36160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              36119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              36111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              36187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              36232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              36348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              36264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             36284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             36250                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             36236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             36244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             36282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             36371                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              35944                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              35844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              35875                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              35854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              35802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              35916                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              35968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              35968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              35968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              35972                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             35968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             35968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             35968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             35977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             35970                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             36052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.02                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    5738590000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  2899050000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              16610027500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9897.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28647.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    531544                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   533923                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 579811                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                575035                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   579810                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   35939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   35939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   35939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   35939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   35938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   35938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   35938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   35938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   35938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   35938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   35938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   35938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   35938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   35938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   35938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   35938                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        89355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     827.125958                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    745.172658                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    286.701632                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           978      1.09%      1.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2745      3.07%      4.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3269      3.66%      7.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        10276     11.50%     19.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         5716      6.40%     25.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         6425      7.19%     32.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1553      1.74%     34.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2265      2.53%     37.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        56128     62.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         89355                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        35938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.133508                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.010675                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      18.730122                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          35934     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          35938                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        35938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.018273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             35935     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          35938                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                37107840                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 36800896                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 37107904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              36802240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        544.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        539.94                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     544.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     539.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    68157452000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       59018.65                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     37070656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     36800896                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 545559.788299796637                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 543896816.896906852722                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 539938926.178002119064                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          581                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       579230                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       575035                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14522500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  16595505000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 1631043436500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24995.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28650.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2836424.63                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             320050500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             170110875                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2072592060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1502540460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      5379943920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       16557262530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       12229528320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         38232028665                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         560.936356                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  31328941500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2275780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  34552794500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             317958480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             168991350                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2067251340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1499032620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      5379943920.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       15720542430                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       12934134720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         38087854860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         558.821053                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  33168179500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2275780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  32713556500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          4153690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              4153690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4153690                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             4153690                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         579256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             579256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        579354                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            579354                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45702112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  45702112000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45709502000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  45709502000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      4732946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          4732946                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      4733044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         4733044                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78897.951855                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78897.951855                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78897.361544                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78897.361544                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          578913                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                578913                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        579256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       579354                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44543602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  44543602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44550796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  44550796000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76897.955308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76897.955308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76897.364996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76897.364996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     579097                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52171.806167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52171.806167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50171.806167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50171.806167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        4125877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            4125877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       579029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           579029                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  45690269000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  45690269000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      4704906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        4704906                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123069                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78908.429457                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78908.429457                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       579029                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44532213000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44532213000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123069                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76908.432911                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76908.432911                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.525998                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 4730995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                579097                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.169607                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.525998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               5312397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              5312397                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        579320                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            580061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           580061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42233056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  42275412000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42233056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  42275412000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          580107                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         580107                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72901.084030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72880.976311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72901.084030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72880.976311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         578654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               578654                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41074418000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  41115292000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41074418000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  41115292000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70901.087482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70880.979759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70901.087482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70880.979759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    580376                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           580061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  42233056000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42275412000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         580107                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999921                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72901.084030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72880.976311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       579320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       580061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  41074418000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41115292000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999941                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999921                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70901.087482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70880.979759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       578913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.522505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1158251                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               580376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.995691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.660383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.549066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   505.313057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.005196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              1739908                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             1739908                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               580107                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              580106                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        578913                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1737620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 1739126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     74129024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 74177216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           3474672000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          2896765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  68157516000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                84296090000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  89805                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34200720                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   176064                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    66.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1261699739                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11763071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.084296                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 84296090000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            982429                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11763071                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     5859023                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         22553                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8477486                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         84296079                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   84296079                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4984989                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3577170                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       944793                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                5775027                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       5775027                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5775364                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11736408                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11736408                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25783666                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4896358                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       5887152                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    5859021                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.28%      0.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5852232     49.70%     49.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     50.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.24%     50.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.72%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     50.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            5774414     49.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11774332                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            249                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       722087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        722668                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       722087                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       722668                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44708772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  44742657000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44708772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  44742657000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       722917                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       722917                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61916.046127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61913.156526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61916.046127                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61913.156526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       717892                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           717892                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       722668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       722668                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43264598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43297321000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43264598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43297321000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59916.046127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59913.156526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59916.046127                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59913.156526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                718633                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       722087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       722668                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  44708772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44742657000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       722176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       722917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999656                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61916.046127                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61913.156526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       722668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  43264598000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  43297321000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59916.046127                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59913.156526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       721511                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3987.574276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1436748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           718633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.999279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.767736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    10.613538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3976.193002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.970750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.973529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2167157                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2167157                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8476733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8476733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8476733                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8476733                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8477486                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8477486                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8476733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8476733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8477486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8477486                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.712609                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  117197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                228.454191                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.712609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8478239                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8478239                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              722668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             722668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       717892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2163228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2163228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2163228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port     92195840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total     92195840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                92195840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          4312128000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3800847750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        46213568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            46250752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     45945088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         45945088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           722087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               722668                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        717892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              717892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             441112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          548229082                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              548670193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        441112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            441112                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       545044118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             545044118                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       545044118                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            441112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         548229082                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1093714311                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    717892.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    722086.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006003858500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         44866                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         44866                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2138410                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              675399                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       722668                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      717892                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     722668                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    717892                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              45155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              45047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              44992                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              44951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              45028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              45147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              45196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              45192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              45308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              45224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             45244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             45210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             45196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             45204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             45242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             45331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              44798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              44676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              44707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              44686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              44740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              44876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              44928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              44928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              44928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              44932                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             44928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             44928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             44928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             44937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             44930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             45012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    7157109000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  3613335000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              20707115250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9903.74                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28653.74                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    662603                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   666568                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 722668                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                717892                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   722667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   44867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   44867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   44867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   44867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   44867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   44867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   44867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   44867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   44867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   44867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   44867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   44867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   44867                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   44866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   44866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   44866                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       111357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     827.905062                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    746.533191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    285.991142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1197      1.07%      1.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3364      3.02%      4.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4025      3.61%      7.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        12826     11.52%     19.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         7132      6.40%     25.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         8019      7.20%     32.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1933      1.74%     34.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2824      2.54%     37.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        70037     62.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        111357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        44866                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.106941                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.008550                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      16.763314                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          44862     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          44866                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        44866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000134                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000126                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.016354                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             44863     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          44866                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                46250688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 45943168                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 46250752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              45945088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        548.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        545.02                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     548.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     545.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    84296026000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58516.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     46213504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     45943168                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 441111.800084677699                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 548228322.333811640739                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 545021340.847481727600                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          581                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       722087                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       717892                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14522500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  20692592750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2030591060000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24995.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28656.65                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2828546.72                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             398876100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             212007675                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           2584387260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          1876710060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      6654092640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       20411283900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       15181248960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         47318606595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         561.338095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  38889315500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   2814760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  42592014500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             396220020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             210592140                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           2575455120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          1870529580                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      6654092640.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       19550114220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       15906444480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         47163448200                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         559.497459                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  40782830000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   2814760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  40698500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          5153689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              5153689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5153689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             5153689                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         722113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             722113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        722211                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            722211                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56979084000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  56979084000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56986474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  56986474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      5875802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          5875802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      5875900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         5875900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.122896                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.122911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78906.049330                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78906.049330                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78905.574687                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78905.574687                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          721770                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                721770                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        722113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722211                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55534860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55534860000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55542054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55542054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122896                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.122911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.122911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76906.052100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76906.052100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76905.577456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76905.577456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     721954                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52171.806167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52171.806167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50171.806167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50171.806167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        5125876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            5125876                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       721886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           721886                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  56967241000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  56967241000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      5847762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        5847762                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123447                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78914.456022                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78914.456022                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       721886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       721886                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  55523471000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  55523471000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123447                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76914.458793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76914.458793                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.616746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 5873851                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                721954                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.136046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.616746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               6598110                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              6598110                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        722177                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            722918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           722918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52652886000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  52695242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52652886000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  52695242000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          722964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         722964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72908.561198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72892.419334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72908.561198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72892.419334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         721511                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               721511                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51208534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51249408000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51208534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51249408000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70908.563967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70892.422100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70908.563967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70892.422100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    723233                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           722918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  52652886000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52695242000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       722211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         722964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72908.561198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72892.419334                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       722177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       722918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51208534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51249408000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70908.563967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70892.422100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       721770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.805373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1443965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               723233                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     2.151050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     2.061044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   506.593279                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.004201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.004025                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          425                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2168479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2168479                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               722964                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              722963                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        721770                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2166191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2167697                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     92414720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 92462912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           4331814000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          3611050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  84296090000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                               100434514000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  97555                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34200964                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   191808                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    71.75                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1399695016                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.100435                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                100434514000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1125285                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13763065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                       28138                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            17                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     7004110                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                         27017                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9908285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            55                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                        100434514                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                  100434514                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5699269                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4148596                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1087649                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                6920115                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       6920115                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6920451                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                 535                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                        3936                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13738634                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13738634                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            30361777                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5610640                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                       28131                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       7032240                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    7004109                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 33401      0.24%      0.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6709370     48.70%     48.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1086      0.01%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        21      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                      11      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                      164      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       14      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                       96      0.00%     48.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                     155      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     48.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    27993      0.20%     49.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   84607      0.61%     49.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 138      0.00%     49.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite            6919502     50.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13776558                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            249                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data       864944                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total        865525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data       864944                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total       865525                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53557044000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total  53590929000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53557044000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total  53590929000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       865774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       865774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.999712                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.999712                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61919.666476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61917.251379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61919.666476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61917.251379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks       860749                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total           860749                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total       865525                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864944                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total       865525                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51827156000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  51859879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51827156000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  51859879000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999712                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999712                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59919.666476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59917.251379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59919.666476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59917.251379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                861490                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           89                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       864944                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total       865525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  53557044000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  53590929000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       865774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.999712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58321.858864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61919.666476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61917.251379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       865525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     32723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  51827156000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  51859879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.784076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56321.858864                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59919.666476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59917.251379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       864368                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4004.996776                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs            1730142                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs           865586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.998810                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.644371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     8.908091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3995.444313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.002175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.975450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.977782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          798                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses          2595728                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses         2595728                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9907532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9907532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9907532                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9907532                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total                753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total               753                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9908285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9908285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.000076                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.000076                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                        513                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9907532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9907532                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst           753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total               753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9908285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9908285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.000076                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62415.670651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62415.670651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          753                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45493000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000076                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60415.670651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60415.670651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               239.758788                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9908285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                   753                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs              13158.413015                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   239.758788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.936558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.936558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9909038                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9909038                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              865525                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             865525                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       860749                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2591799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2591799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2591799                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port    110481536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total    110481536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total               110481536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy          5169270000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               5.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4552166500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           37184                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data        55356416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total            55393600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          37184                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks     55087936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total         55087936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst              581                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data           864944                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total               865525                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks        860749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total              860749                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst             370231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data          551169252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              551539484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst        370231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total            370231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks       548496068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total             548496068                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks       548496068                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst            370231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data         551169252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total            1100035552                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    860749.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       581.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    864943.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006003858500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds         53795                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds         53795                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState              2561876                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState              809814                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                       865525                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                      860749                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                     865525                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                    860749                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       1                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0              54063                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1              54007                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2              53952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3              53911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4              53988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5              54107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6              54156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7              54152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8              54268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9              54184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10             54204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11             54170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12             54089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13             54036                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14             54074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15             54163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0              53736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1              53636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2              53667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3              53646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4              53700                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5              53836                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6              53888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7              53888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8              53888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9              53892                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10             53888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11             53888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12             53798                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13             53769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14             53762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15             53844                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.30                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                    8575497500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                  4327620000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat              24804072500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9907.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28657.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                    793662                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                   799227                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  91.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 92.85                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                 865525                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                860749                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                   865524                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                   53796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                   53796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                   53796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                   53796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                   53796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                   53796                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                   53795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                   53795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                   53795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                   53795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                   53795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                   53795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                   53795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                   53795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                   53795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                   53795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples       133359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     828.432847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    747.451809                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    285.513415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1417      1.06%      1.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3980      2.98%      4.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4783      3.59%      7.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511        15378     11.53%     19.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639         8545      6.41%     25.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767         9614      7.21%     32.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2311      1.73%     34.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         3381      2.54%     37.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        83950     62.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total        133359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples        53795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       16.089190                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      16.007131                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      15.309051                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127          53791     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3456-3583            1      0.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total          53795                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples        53795                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       16.000112                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.000105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.014935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16             53792     99.99%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 3      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total          53795                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                55393536                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                       64                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                 55086464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                 55393600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys              55087936                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        551.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                        548.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     551.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                     548.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          8.59                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      4.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     4.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                   100434469000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                       58179.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        37184                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data     55356352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks     55086464                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 370231.293198670726                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 551168615.203335404396                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 548481411.479722976685                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          581                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data       864944                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks       860749                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     14522500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  24789550000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 2430181593000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24995.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28660.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks   2823333.62                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     92.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy             477201900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy             253631235                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy           3092962320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy          2248405380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      7927626720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy       24242225400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy       18152348160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         56394401115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         561.504197                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  46500773000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF   3353480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  50580261000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy             474995640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy             252466170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy           3086879040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy          2244584340                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      7927626720.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy       23401510740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy       18860318400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         56248381050                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         560.050313                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  48348906250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF   3353480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  48732127750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          6153688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              6153688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6153688                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             6153688                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         864969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total             864969                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        865067                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total            865067                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68255925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  68255925000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68263315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  68263315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      7018657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          7018657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      7018755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         7018755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.123239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.123251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78911.411854                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78911.411854                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78911.014985                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78911.014985                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks          864627                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                864627                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        864969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       865067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66525987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  66525987000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66533181000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  66533181000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123251                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76911.411854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76911.411854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76911.014985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76911.014985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                     864811                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total               27813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total               227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total           28040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52171.806167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52171.806167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     11389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11389000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50171.806167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50171.806167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        6125875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            6125875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       864742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           864742                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  68244082000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  68244082000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6990617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        6990617                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123700                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.123700                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78918.431162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78918.431162                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       864742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       864742                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  66514598000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  66514598000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.123700                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76918.431162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76918.431162                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              98                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      7390000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            98                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           98                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7194000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73408.163265                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.678330                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 7018755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                865067                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                  8.113539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                187000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.678330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               7883822                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              7883822                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst              12                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data              34                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                  46                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total                 46                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        865033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            865774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           865774                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  63072585000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  63114941000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  63072585000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  63114941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          865820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         865820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.999947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.999947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72913.501566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72900.018943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72913.501566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72900.018943                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks         864368                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total               864368                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61342519000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  61383393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61342519000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  61383393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70913.501566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70900.018943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70913.501566                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70900.018943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    866090                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst             12                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data             34                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total                 46                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           865774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     42356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  63072585000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  63114941000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       865067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         865820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.999947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57160.593792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72913.501566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72900.018943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       865033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       865774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     40874000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  61342519000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  61383393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.984064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.999961                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999947                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55160.593792                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70913.501566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70900.018943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       864627                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.997333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                1730447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               866602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.996819                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.805406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.729863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   507.462064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.003379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.998042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          423                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses              2597049                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses             2597049                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               865820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              865820                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        864627                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2594761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         1506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                 2596267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side    110700416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        48192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                110748608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy             3765000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy           5188955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                5.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy          4325335000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON 100434514000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
