
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4216462000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  91017                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34261768                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   187536                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              383702276                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2060798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004216                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4216462000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239608                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2060798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201717                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            74                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319788                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4216451                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4216451                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493491                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              634761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176830                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81369                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81369                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136512                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69029                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43018                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990365                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3845448                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1603860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139369                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14340      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1643714     79.76%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2029      0.10%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20498      0.99%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      466      0.02%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14386      0.70%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24550      1.19%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190016      9.22%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137376      6.67%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11348      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2060823                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        10483                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           11964                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        10483                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1481                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          11964                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2438                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4253                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2438                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6691                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274281000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    153772000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    428053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274281000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    153772000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    428053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18655                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18655                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.358671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.358671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64491.182695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63073.010664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63974.443282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64491.182695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63073.010664                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63974.443282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          892                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              892                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2438                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148896000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    414671000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265775000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148896000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    414671000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.182695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61073.010664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61974.443282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.182695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61073.010664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61974.443282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  5471                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        10483                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1481                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          11964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274281000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    153772000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    428053000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18655                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.358671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64491.182695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63073.010664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63974.443282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265775000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    414671000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.288613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.622097                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.358671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62491.182695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61073.010664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61974.443282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2891                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1625.158242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              10630                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             5471                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.942972                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   156.907360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   692.967934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   775.282948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.076615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.338363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.378556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.793534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1837                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1584                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.896973                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            28854                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           28854                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1298896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1298896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1298896                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1298896                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    638364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    638364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    638364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    638364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30555.427915                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30555.427915                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30555.427915                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30555.427915                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    596582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    596582000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    596582000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    596582000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28555.523645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28555.523645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28555.523645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28555.523645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20635                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1298896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1298896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    638364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    638364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30555.427915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30555.427915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    596582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    596582000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28555.523645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28555.523645                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.062296                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1130960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 54.807851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.062296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1340679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1340679                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6691                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       485312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       485312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  485312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11151000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           36044750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          272192                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          156032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              428224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       272192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         272192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        57088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            57088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4253                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2438                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 892                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           64554596                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           37005433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              101560028                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      64554596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          64554596                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        13539313                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              13539313                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        13539313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          64554596                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          37005433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             115099342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       829.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4253.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2391.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002819804500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            46                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            46                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15249                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 764                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6691                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         892                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6691                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       892                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      47                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     63                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                655                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                 82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                556                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               911                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1089                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                46                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      80538000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    33220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                205113000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12121.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30871.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3707                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      626                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  55.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.51                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6691                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   892                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6642                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     152.856960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    116.963759                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    150.927797                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1371     43.97%     43.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1296     41.57%     85.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          238      7.63%     93.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           77      2.47%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      1.31%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      1.12%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      0.83%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.35%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           23      0.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           46                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      142.586957                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      71.437796                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     265.382037                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              29     63.04%     63.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127             5     10.87%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            4      8.70%     82.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      6.52%     89.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      2.17%     91.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      2.17%     93.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      2.17%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      2.17%     97.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      2.17%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             46                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           46                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.608696                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.588760                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.829411                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 9     19.57%     19.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      2.17%     21.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                35     76.09%     97.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      2.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             46                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  425216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     3008                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    51840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   428224                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 57088                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        100.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         12.29                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     101.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      13.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4215417000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      555903.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       272192                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       153024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        51840                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 64554595.772474654019                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 36292038.206439428031                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 12294667.899295665324                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4253                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2438                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          892                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    132206750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     72906250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  85264190000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31085.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29904.12                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  95587656.95                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     57.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12873420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6831000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             27103440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2359440                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      332520240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1545620550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         317546400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2244854490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         532.402400                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    810122750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    140660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3265679250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9410520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5001810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20334720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1868760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      332520240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1199821500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         608745600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2177703150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         516.476408                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1569724750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    140660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2506077250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           334134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               334134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          334134                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              334134                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    270161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    270161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    270161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       341152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           341152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       341152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          341152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38495.440296                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38495.440296                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38495.440296                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38495.440296                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    256125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    256125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36495.440296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36495.440296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36495.440296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36495.440296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6762                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26698.201355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26698.201355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    105733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24698.201355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24698.201355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155866000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    155866000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56947.753014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56947.753014                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    150392000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150392000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54947.753014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54947.753014                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               250.595461                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  282597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.791925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   250.595461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.978889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.978889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                348170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               348170                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         14737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    457343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    199843000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    657186000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    457343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    199843000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    657186000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           27910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          27910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.668434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.668434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31033.656782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50993.365655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35226.522298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31033.656782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50993.365655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35226.522298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    427871000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    192005000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    619876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    427871000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    192005000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    619876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29033.792495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48993.365655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33226.629503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29033.792495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48993.365655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33226.629503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20617                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    457343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    199843000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    657186000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          27910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.668434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31033.656782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50993.365655                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35226.522298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    427871000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    192005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29033.792495                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48993.365655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33226.629503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              502.526238                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  30145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.462143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.261751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   188.769856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   207.494632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.207542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.368691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.405263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                52837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               52837                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                27910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               27909                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        17834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   59617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       692224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1337024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2029248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           104455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4216462000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8233880000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 106117                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34277120                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218737                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    18.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              436832237                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000172                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008234                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8233880000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489684                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394443                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           142                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            97                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           228                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8233869                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8233869                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011815                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279092                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359514                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140605                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88250                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3981115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3981115                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7662341                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3220174                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393630                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649063                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27738      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319929     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42404      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29118      0.71%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49090      1.19%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   370010      8.97%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253440      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23620      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4123022                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    15                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           21998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2803                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          21998                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7048                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12545                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7048                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5497                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12545                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    458054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341429000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    799483000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    458054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341429000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    799483000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        34543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        34543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.268567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.662289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.363171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.268567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.662289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.363171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64990.635641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62111.879207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63729.214827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64990.635641                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62111.879207                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63729.214827                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3001                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3001                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7048                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12545                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    330435000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    774393000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    330435000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    774393000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.268567                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.662289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.268567                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.662289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62990.635641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60111.879207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61729.214827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62990.635641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60111.879207                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61729.214827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 11764                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          21998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12545                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    458054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    341429000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    799483000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        34543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.268567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.662289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.363171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64990.635641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62111.879207                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63729.214827                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    443958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    330435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    774393000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.268567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.662289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62990.635641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60111.879207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61729.214827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5536                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1784.333222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              31862                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            11764                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.708433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   190.109166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   589.668902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1004.555154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.092827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.287924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.490505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.871256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          613                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            53891                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           53891                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2593914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2593914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2593914                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2593914                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1117885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1117885000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1117885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1117885000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29501.873746                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29501.873746                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29501.873746                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29501.873746                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042101000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042101000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042101000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042101000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27501.873746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27501.873746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27501.873746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27501.873746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37636                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2593914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2593914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1117885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1117885000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29501.873746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29501.873746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042101000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042101000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27501.873746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27501.873746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.983553                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2350983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 62.466335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.983553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2669698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2669698                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12545                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12545                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3001                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        28091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        28091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  28091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       994944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       994944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  994944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            27550000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           67510250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          451072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          351808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              802880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       451072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         451072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       192064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           192064                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7048                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5497                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3001                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3001                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           54782435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           42726880                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               97509315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      54782435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          54782435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        23326063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              23326063                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        23326063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          54782435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          42726880                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             120835378                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2859.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7048.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5375.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004736991750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           161                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           161                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29917                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2686                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12545                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3001                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12545                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3001                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     122                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    142                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                830                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                579                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                498                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                457                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1061                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                145                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.75                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     148979000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    62115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                381910250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11992.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30742.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7081                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2281                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  57.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12545                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3001                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12419                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     135                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     165.441734                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    122.018293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    174.120974                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2517     42.63%     42.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2393     40.53%     83.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          496      8.40%     91.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          164      2.78%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           84      1.42%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           72      1.22%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           61      1.03%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      0.66%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           78      1.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5904                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          161                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       77.105590                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      41.121434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     172.667839                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             129     80.12%     80.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            14      8.70%     88.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      3.11%     91.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            3      1.86%     93.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            4      2.48%     96.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.24%     97.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-639            1      0.62%     98.14% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      0.62%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1087            1      0.62%     99.38% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1472-1535            1      0.62%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            161                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.664596                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.647986                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.749534                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                26     16.15%     16.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.86%     18.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               131     81.37%     99.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.62%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            161                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  795072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     7808                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   182016                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   802880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                192064                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         96.56                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      97.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      23.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.93                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.75                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8232905000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      529583.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       451072                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       344000                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       182016                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 54782435.498209834099                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 41778602.554324321449                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22105738.728278767318                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7048                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5497                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3001                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    222572750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    159337500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 188603043250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31579.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28986.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  62846732.17                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              23369220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              12417240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             48609120                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6979140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      649674480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2771724750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         827725920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4340499870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         527.151218                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2123923000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    274820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5835137000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18792480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9988440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             40091100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7866540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      649674480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2433703350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1112375520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4272491910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         518.891690                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2865518500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    274820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5093541500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14365                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14365                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    579703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    579703000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    579703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    579703000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           650019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          650019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40355.238427                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 40355.238427                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40355.238427                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 40355.238427                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    550975000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    550975000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38355.377654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38355.377654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38355.377654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38355.377654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14108                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    324295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    324295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33651.032479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33651.032479                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    305023000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31651.240012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31651.240012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    255408000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    255408000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54020.304569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54020.304569                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    245952000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    245952000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52020.304569                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52020.304569                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.232406                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  647732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.912390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.232406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.989189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664383                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             34544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            34544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    785117000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438335000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1223452000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    785117000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1223452000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.661041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.661041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29917.196967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52805.083725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 35417.207040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29917.196967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52805.083725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35417.207040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    732631000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1154366000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    732631000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1154366000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27917.196967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50805.324660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33417.264937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27917.196967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50805.324660                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33417.264937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38365                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            34544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    785117000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438335000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1223452000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.661041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29917.196967                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52805.083725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35417.207040                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    732631000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421735000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1154366000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27917.196967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50805.324660                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33417.264937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.148611                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  58932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.536088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   110.851022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   157.736179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   238.561410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.216506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.308078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.465940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.990525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                98356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               98356                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7222                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  111735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1381504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2425088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3806592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             88367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            71820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8233880000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11844947000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115315                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34277252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   234405                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              455287112                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000040                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6098362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011845                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11844947000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774088                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6098362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556668                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           271                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317946                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           113                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11844936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11844936                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1922819                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559752                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145337                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5937385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5937385                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279284                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828243                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555476                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873237                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30677      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5050578     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.89%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528918      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315768      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6098412                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3020                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22215                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        13517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         20614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7097                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13517                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        20614                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    461191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    812960000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1274151000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    461191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    812960000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1274151000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        42829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        42829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.269930                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.817379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.481309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.269930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.817379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.481309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64983.936875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60143.522971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61809.983506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64983.936875                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60143.522971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61809.983506                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3615                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3615                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        20614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13517                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        20614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446997000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    785926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232923000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446997000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    785926000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232923000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.269930                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.817379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.481309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.269930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.817379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.481309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62983.936875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58143.522971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59809.983506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62983.936875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58143.522971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59809.983506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 19986                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        20614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    461191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    812960000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1274151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        42829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.269930                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.817379                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.481309                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64983.936875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60143.522971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61809.983506                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13517                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446997000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    785926000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232923000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.269930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.817379                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.481309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62983.936875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58143.522971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59809.983506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6044                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1864.715042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              46708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            19986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.337036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   140.293548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   416.414399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1308.007095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.068503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.203327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.638675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.910505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1712                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            70907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           70907                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3871002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3871002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3871002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3871002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1121870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1121870000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1121870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1121870000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29568.024880                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29568.024880                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29568.024880                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29568.024880                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1045986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1045986000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1045986000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1045986000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27568.024880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27568.024880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27568.024880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27568.024880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37686                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3871002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3871002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1121870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1121870000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29568.024880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29568.024880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1045986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1045986000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27568.024880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27568.024880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.598290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2377966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.099453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.598290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3946886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3946886                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               20614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              20614                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3615                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        44843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        44843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  44843                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1550656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1550656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1550656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            38689000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          110115750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          454208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          865088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1319296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       454208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         454208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       231360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           231360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13517                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                20614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3615                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           38346140                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           73034350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              111380490                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      38346140                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          38346140                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        19532380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              19532380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        19532380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          38346140                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          73034350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             130912869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3449.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7097.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     13390.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004736991750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           193                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           193                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                47585                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                3230                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        20614                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3615                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      20614                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3615                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     127                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    166                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1056                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                854                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                934                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     203959500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   102435000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                588090750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9955.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28705.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     14179                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2767                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  20614                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3615                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    20483                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     168                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     194                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     193                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     219.779310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    143.235617                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    253.311626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2679     38.49%     38.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2600     37.36%     75.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          624      8.97%     84.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          224      3.22%     88.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          124      1.78%     89.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          117      1.68%     91.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          135      1.94%     93.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          154      2.21%     95.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          303      4.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6960                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      103.015544                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      43.861109                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     312.509774                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            167     86.53%     86.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           11      5.70%     92.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7      3.63%     95.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.52%     96.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.52%     96.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.52%     97.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      1.04%     98.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            1      0.52%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.52%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.52%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            193                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.720207                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.705871                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.695563                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                26     13.47%     13.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.55%     15.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               163     84.46%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            193                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1311168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     8128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   218880                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1319296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                231360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        110.69                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         18.48                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     111.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      19.53                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11844425000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      488853.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       454208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       856960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       218880                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 38346140.341531291604                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 72348149.805988997221                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 18478765.671133860946                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7097                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13517                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3615                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    224074250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    364016500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 270008814750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31573.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26930.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  74691235.06                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.80                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              27817440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14785320                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             77754600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             9307260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      934867440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3767218920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1376064960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          6207815940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         524.089803                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3539497000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    395460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7909990000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              21884100                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11627880                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             68522580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8545140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      934867440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3305204280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1765129920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6115781340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         516.319857                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4553888250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    395460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6895598750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           851315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               851315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          851315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              851315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23249                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23249                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1201408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1201408000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1201408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1201408000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51675.684976                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51675.684976                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51675.684976                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51675.684976                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1154912000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1154912000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1154912000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1154912000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49675.771001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49675.771001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49675.771001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49675.771001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      22992                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    909806000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    909806000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50861.247764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50861.247764                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    874032000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    874032000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48861.359571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48861.359571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    291602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    291602000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54393.210222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54393.210222                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    280880000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    280880000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52393.210222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52393.210222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.076139                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  871551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 22992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.906707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.076139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                897812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               897812                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42830                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    788793000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1000907000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1789700000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    788793000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1000907000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1789700000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.699940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.699940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30001.255135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60521.647116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41786.131216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30001.255135                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60521.647116                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41786.131216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736209000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    967833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1704042000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736209000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    967833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1704042000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28001.255135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58521.768049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39786.177913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28001.255135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58521.768049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39786.177913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    788793000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1000907000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1789700000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.699940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30001.255135                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60521.647116                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41786.131216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736209000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    967833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1704042000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28001.255135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58521.768049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39786.177913                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.627612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  68582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.457145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    82.414223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   110.174906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   316.038483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.160965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.215185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.617263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          264                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               116769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              116769                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61191                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        54497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  130381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1999872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4428160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            101191000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           116240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11844947000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15469927000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 125545                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34277252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   250807                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    31.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              485403918                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4001118                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7993270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015470                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15469927000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1035141                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4001118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7993270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736561                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           369                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408969                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           148                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5168011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15469916                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15469916                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5520783                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508479                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       727901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204732                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7832309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7832309                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14935508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6371091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735369                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1144153                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408784                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6674586     83.50%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.68%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.40%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708811      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406791      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7993337                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22641                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3446                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22641                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        20733                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         27837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        20733                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        27837                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    461702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1245555000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1707257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    461702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1245555000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1707257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        50478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        50478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.551468                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.551468                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64991.835586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60075.965852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61330.495384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64991.835586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60075.965852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61330.495384                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         4808                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             4808                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        27837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        27837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1204089000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1651583000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1204089000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1651583000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857480                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.551468                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857480                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.551468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62991.835586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58075.965852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59330.495384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62991.835586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58075.965852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59330.495384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 27844                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22641                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        20733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        27837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    461702000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1245555000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1707257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        24179                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        50478                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.551468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64991.835586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60075.965852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61330.495384                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1204089000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1651583000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.551468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62991.835586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58075.965852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59330.495384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7564                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1907.663164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              55618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            27844                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.997486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   139.254555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   319.143848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1449.264761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.067995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.155832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.707649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.931476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          683                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            87934                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           87934                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5130062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5130062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5130062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5130062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1122500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1122500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1122500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1122500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5168011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5168011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29579.172047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29579.172047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29579.172047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29579.172047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1046602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1046602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1046602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1046602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27579.172047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27579.172047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27579.172047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27579.172047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5130062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5130062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1122500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1122500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5168011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29579.172047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29579.172047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1046602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1046602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27579.172047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27579.172047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.926745                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.926745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5205960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5205960                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               27837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              27837                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         4808                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        60482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        60482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  60482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2089280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2089280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2089280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            51877000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          148387000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          454656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1326912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1781568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       454656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         454656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       307712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           307712                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            20733                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                27837                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          4808                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                4808                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           29389667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           85773643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              115163310                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      29389667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          29389667                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        19890979                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              19890979                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        19890979                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          29389667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          85773643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             135054290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4566.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7104.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     20606.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004736991750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           255                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           255                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                64146                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4285                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        27837                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        4808                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      27837                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      4808                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     127                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    242                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1802                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1943                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1662                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1884                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2240                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1092                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2585                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                366                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                286                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                322                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     261119000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   138550000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                780681500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9423.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28173.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     20085                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3743                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.48                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  27837                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  4808                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    27706                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     226                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     256                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     245.229380                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    156.883557                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    274.368427                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2933     34.86%     34.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3090     36.72%     71.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          837      9.95%     81.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          335      3.98%     85.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          175      2.08%     87.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          167      1.98%     89.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          182      2.16%     91.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          202      2.40%     94.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          493      5.86%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          255                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      106.015686                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      41.449730                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     320.841536                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            222     87.06%     87.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           14      5.49%     92.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7      2.75%     95.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.78%     96.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      0.39%     96.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.39%     96.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            2      0.78%     97.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.78%     98.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.39%     98.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.39%     99.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.39%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.39%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            255                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.780392                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.768730                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.626520                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                27     10.59%     10.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.18%     11.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               224     87.84%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.39%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            255                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1773440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     8128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   290176                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1781568                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                307712                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        114.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         18.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     115.16                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      19.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15464943000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      473730.83                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       454656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1318784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       290176                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 29389666.803211160004                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 85248236.788706243038                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 18757425.293603520840                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        20733                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         4808                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    224351500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    556330000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 340910427250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31581.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26833.07                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  70904830.96                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.83                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              31223220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              16587945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             96618480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11160360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1220675040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4681153500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1998428160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8055846705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         520.742387                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5148162750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    516360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9805404250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              28867020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15343185                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            101230920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12507120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1220675040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4627014330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2044019040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8049656655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         520.342252                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5265879250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    516360000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9687687750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1113315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1113315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1113315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1113315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1783626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1783626000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1783626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1783626000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55481.709593                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55481.709593                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55481.709593                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55481.709593                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9865                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9865                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1719332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1719332000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1719332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1719332000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53481.771805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53481.771805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53481.771805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53481.771805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31891                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          711326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              711326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1392723000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1392723000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55190.132752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55190.132752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1342255000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1342255000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53190.212007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53190.212007                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390903000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    390903000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56546.072617                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56546.072617                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    377077000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    377077000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54546.072617                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54546.072617                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.526946                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1141643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.798282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.526946                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177610                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1518416000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2307797000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1518416000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2307797000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30015.627971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62796.360629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45717.961925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30015.627971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62796.360629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45717.961925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1470058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2206841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1470058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2206841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28015.627971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60796.443342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43718.001545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28015.627971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60796.443342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43718.001545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55610                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1518416000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2307797000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30015.627971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62796.360629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45717.961925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1470058000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2206841000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28015.627971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60796.443342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43718.001545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.417845                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  79248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.425067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.993436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    84.476929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   350.947479                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.144518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.164994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.685444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               136084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              136084                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9865                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        74160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  150058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2688768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5117504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            119422000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           160735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15469927000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18911618000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 128977                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34277252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   255398                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    38.77                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              487805309                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000255                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9901450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018912                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18911618000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1268540                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000255                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9901450                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      920830                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           421                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511348                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6441515                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18911607                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18911607                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6524013                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3081751                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       854840                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270250                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9740497                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9740497                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18747822                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7943501                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919638                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1430801                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511163                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8296126     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.55%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893080      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509170      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9901525                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4084                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           23279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4084                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          23279                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        24555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         31659                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24555                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        31659                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    461702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1480359000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1942061000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    461702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1480359000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1942061000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        54938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        54938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.576268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.576268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64991.835586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60287.477092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61343.093591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64991.835586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60287.477092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61343.093591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5343                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5343                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        31659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        31659                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1431249000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1878743000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1431249000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1878743000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62991.835586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58287.477092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59343.093591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62991.835586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58287.477092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59343.093591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 31950                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4084                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          23279                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        31659                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    461702000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1480359000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1942061000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        54938                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.576268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64991.835586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60287.477092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61343.093591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1431249000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1878743000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.857397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62991.835586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58287.477092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59343.093591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8436                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1933.202810                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              60875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            31950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.905321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   142.977986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   261.063439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1529.161385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.069813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.127472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.746661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.943947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          646                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1290                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            97372                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           97372                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6403566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6403566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6403566                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6403566                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1122500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1122500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1122500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1122500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6441515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6441515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005891                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29579.172047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29579.172047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29579.172047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29579.172047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1046602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1046602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1046602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1046602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27579.172047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27579.172047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27579.172047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27579.172047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6403566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6403566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1122500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1122500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6441515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29579.172047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29579.172047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1046602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1046602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27579.172047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27579.172047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.122065                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.122065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6479464                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6479464                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               31659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              31659                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5343                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        68661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        68661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  68661                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2368128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2368128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2368128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            58374000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          168800000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          454656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1571520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2026176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       454656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         454656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       341952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           341952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            24555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                31659                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5343                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5343                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           24041095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           83098125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              107139220                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      24041095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          24041095                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18081584                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18081584                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18081584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          24041095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          83098125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             125220803                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5083.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7104.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     24427.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004736991750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           284                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           284                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                73207                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4778                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        31659                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5343                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      31659                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5343                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    260                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1557                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1527                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2819                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.19                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     296860250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   157655000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                888066500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9414.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28164.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     22708                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4203                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  31659                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5343                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    31527                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     286                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     285                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         9674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     242.034319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    155.871083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    268.786319                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3356     34.69%     34.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3587     37.08%     71.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          923      9.54%     81.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          404      4.18%     85.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          234      2.42%     87.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          231      2.39%     90.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          214      2.21%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          209      2.16%     94.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          516      5.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          9674                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      108.904930                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      41.273994                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     323.209941                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            248     87.32%     87.32% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           14      4.93%     92.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7      2.46%     94.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.70%     95.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            2      0.70%     96.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.35%     96.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      1.06%     97.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.70%     98.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.35%     98.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.35%     98.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.35%     99.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.35%     99.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.35%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            284                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.802817                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.792209                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.597278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                27      9.51%      9.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.06%     10.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               253     89.08%     99.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.35%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            284                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2017984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     8192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   323584                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2026176                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                341952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        106.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     107.14                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.97                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18910372000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      511063.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       454656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1563328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       323584                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 24041094.738694489002                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 82664952.306037470698                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17110328.687899678946                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        24555                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5343                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    224351500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    663715000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 431947665500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31581.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27029.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  80843658.15                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              37584960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              19969290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            114925440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            12407940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1492345920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5661824820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2494209120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9833267490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         519.959080                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6426110750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    631280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11854227250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              31501680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              16743540                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            110205900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            13984380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1492345920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5335017030                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2769415680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9769214130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         516.572095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7144643250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    631280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11135694750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1394078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1394078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1394078                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1394078                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38025                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38025                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2116783000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2116783000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2116783000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2116783000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1432103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1432103                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1432103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1432103                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55668.191979                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55668.191979                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55668.191979                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55668.191979                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10988                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10988                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2040735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2040735000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2040735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2040735000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53668.244576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53668.244576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53668.244576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53668.244576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37768                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1678322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1678322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55494.560725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55494.560725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1617838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1617838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53494.626856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53494.626856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438461000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    438461000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56342.970959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56342.970959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    422897000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    422897000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015221                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54342.970959                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54342.970959                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.795025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1407923                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.278198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.795025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470127                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470127                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28640                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             54939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            54939                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1803556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2592937000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1803556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2592937000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75974                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75974                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.723129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.723129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30015.627971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62973.324022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47196.654471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30015.627971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62973.324022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47196.654471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746278000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2483061000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746278000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2483061000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28015.627971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60973.393855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45196.690875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28015.627971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60973.393855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45196.690875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     60633                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            54939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1803556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2592937000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75974                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.723129                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30015.627971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62973.324022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47196.654471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746278000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2483061000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753189                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28015.627971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60973.393855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45196.690875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.887766                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  86340                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                60633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.423977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.024998                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    69.103126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   369.759642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.138721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.134967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.722187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          411                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               148107                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              148107                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75974                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75973                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10988                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162935                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3136768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5565504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            130914000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           190120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18911618000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22378694000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 134799                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34277252                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   265348                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    44.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              502765883                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000026                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11810944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022379                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22378694000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1502153                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11810944                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1105210                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           478                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           180                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7715880                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22378683                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22378683                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7527843                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3655411                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       981869                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      335794                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11649999                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11649999                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            22562558                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9516932                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1104018                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1717639                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613621                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.26%      0.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9918790     83.98%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.03%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.46%     84.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.01%     84.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.27%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.44%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1077460      9.12%     94.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  611628      5.18%     99.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.22%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11811027                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         4893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           24088                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         4893                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          24088                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        28406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         35510                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28406                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        35510                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    461702000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1715643000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2177345000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    461702000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1715643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2177345000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.853059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.595825                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.853059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.595825                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64991.835586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60397.204816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61316.389749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64991.835586                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60397.204816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61316.389749                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5969                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5969                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        35510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        35510                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447494000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1658831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2106325000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447494000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1658831000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2106325000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.853059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595825                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.853059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595825                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62991.835586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58397.204816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59316.389749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62991.835586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58397.204816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59316.389749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 35989                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         4893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          24088                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28406                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        35510                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    461702000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1715643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2177345000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.853059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.595825                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64991.835586                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60397.204816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61316.389749                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447494000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1658831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2106325000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.853059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595825                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62991.835586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58397.204816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59316.389749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9235                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1950.988056                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              66187                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            35989                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.839090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   144.571454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   220.617522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1585.799080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.070592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.107723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.774316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.952631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          783                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           106870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          106870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7677931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7677931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7677931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7677931                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1122500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1122500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1122500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1122500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7715880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7715880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004918                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004918                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29579.172047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29579.172047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29579.172047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29579.172047                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1046602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1046602000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1046602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1046602000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27579.172047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27579.172047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27579.172047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27579.172047                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7677931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7677931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1122500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1122500000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7715880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7715880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004918                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29579.172047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29579.172047                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1046602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1046602000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004918                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27579.172047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27579.172047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.258081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.258081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997102                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7753829                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7753829                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               35510                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              35510                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5969                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        76989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        76989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  76989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2654656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      2654656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2654656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            65355000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          189291750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          454656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1817984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2272640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       454656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         454656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       382016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           382016                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            28406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                35510                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5969                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5969                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           20316467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           81237270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              101553737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      20316467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          20316467                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        17070523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              17070523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        17070523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          20316467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          81237270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             118624259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5663.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7104.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     28278.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004736991750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           316                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           316                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                82427                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5322                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        35510                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5969                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      35510                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5969                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     128                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    306                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1903                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2522                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1869                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1971                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                280                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               329                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.45                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     331618250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   176910000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                995030750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9372.51                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28122.51                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     25569                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4710                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.27                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.17                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  35510                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5969                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    35378                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     287                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     290                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     318                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     317                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     316                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        10733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     244.551197                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    158.588021                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    267.450611                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3533     32.92%     32.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4141     38.58%     71.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          983      9.16%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          452      4.21%     84.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          299      2.79%     87.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          302      2.81%     90.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          254      2.37%     92.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          225      2.10%     94.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          544      5.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         10733                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      108.227848                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.588077                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     323.944212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            278     87.97%     87.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           14      4.43%     92.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7      2.22%     94.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.63%     95.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            3      0.95%     96.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.32%     96.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.95%     97.47% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.63%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            1      0.32%     98.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.32%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.32%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.32%     99.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      0.32%     99.68% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.32%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.822785                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.813142                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.569254                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                27      8.54%      8.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.95%      9.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               285     90.19%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.32%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2264448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     8192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   360448                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2272640                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                382016                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        101.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.11                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     101.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      17.07                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.92                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22378210000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      539506.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       454656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1809792                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       360448                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 20316467.082484792918                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 80871207.229519292712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16106748.678005963564                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7104                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        28406                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5969                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    224351500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    770679250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 515898723000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31581.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27130.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  86429673.81                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.77                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              41276340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              21935100                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            126363720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            15352020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1766475360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6474997650                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3140789280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11587189470                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         517.777734                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8099315250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    747240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13532138750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              35371560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              18796635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            126263760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            14047020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1766475360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6250459260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3329874240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11541287835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         515.726603                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8592928000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    747240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  13038526000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1673334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1673334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1673334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1673334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          45599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              45599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         45599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             45599                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2476617000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2476617000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2476617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2476617000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1718933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1718933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1718933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1718933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54312.967390                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54312.967390                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54312.967390                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54312.967390                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12210                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         45599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2385421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2385421000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2385421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2385421000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52313.011250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52313.011250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52313.011250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52313.011250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      45342                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1068158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1068158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         37052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             37052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1992424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1992424000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1105210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1105210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.033525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53773.723416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53773.723416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1918322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1918322000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51773.777394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51773.777394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         605176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             605176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8547                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    484193000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    484193000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613723                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013926                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56650.637651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56650.637651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8547                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    467099000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467099000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013926                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54650.637651                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54650.637651                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.981708                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1714171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 45342                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.805368                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.981708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1764531                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1764531                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           12299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               23949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          12299                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              23949                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33300                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59599                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2091718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2881099000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2091718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2881099000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           83548                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          83548                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.713350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.713350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30015.627971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62814.354354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48341.398346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30015.627971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62814.354354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48341.398346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9235                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9235                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2025120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2761903000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2025120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2761903000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28015.627971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60814.414414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46341.431903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28015.627971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60814.414414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46341.431903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     65800                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          12299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              23949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59599                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2091718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2881099000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        45599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          83548                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.713350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30015.627971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62814.354354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48341.398346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    736783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2025120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2761903000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.730279                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.713350                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28015.627971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60814.414414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46341.431903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12210                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.215010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  95057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                65800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.444635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.138791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    58.397149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   383.679070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.133084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.114057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.749373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          403                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               162070                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              162070                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                83548                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               83547                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12210                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       103407                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  179305                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3699712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6128448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            144598000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           227990000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22378694000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26241386000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 138705                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34277384                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   271857                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              519968828                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      13719828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026241                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26241386000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1730731                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      13719828                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1303196                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           608                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      731970                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           181                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8964849                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26241386                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26241386                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              8458934                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4214453                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1108417                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      394300                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13558882                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13558882                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            26354165                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11079073                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1302005                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2033790                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     731785                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30679      0.22%      0.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  11511522     83.90%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.03%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.39%     84.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.01%     84.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.23%     84.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.38%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1275447      9.30%     94.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  729792      5.32%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.19%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   13719911                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           25007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          25007                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7111                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        37616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         44727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7111                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37616                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        44727                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    462122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2282196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   2744318000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    462122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2282196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   2744318000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        69734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        69734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.866169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.641394                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.866169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.641394                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64986.921671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60670.884730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61357.077381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64986.921671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60670.884730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61357.077381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         8280                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             8280                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        44727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7111                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37616                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        44727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447900000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2206964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2654864000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447900000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2206964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2654864000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.866169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641394                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.866169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641394                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62986.921671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58670.884730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59357.077381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62986.921671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58670.884730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59357.077381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 45591                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        19195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         5812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          25007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7111                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37616                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        44727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    462122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2282196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2744318000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        69734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.866169                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.641394                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64986.921671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60670.884730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61357.077381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37616                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    447900000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2206964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2654864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.270319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.866169                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62986.921671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58670.884730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59357.077381                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11882                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1965.268066                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              81616                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            47639                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.713218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   141.774617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   188.222426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1635.271023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.069226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.091905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.798472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          208                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          670                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           129255                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          129255                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8926893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8926893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8926893                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8926893                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37956                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37956                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37956                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1123042000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1123042000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1123042000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1123042000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8964849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8964849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29587.996628                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29587.996628                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29587.996628                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29587.996628                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1047130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047130000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1047130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047130000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27587.996628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27587.996628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27587.996628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27587.996628                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37700                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8926893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8926893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37956                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1123042000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1123042000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8964849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8964849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29587.996628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29587.996628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37956                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1047130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1047130000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27587.996628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27587.996628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.367290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8964849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37956                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                236.190563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.367290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9002805                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9002805                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               44727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              44727                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         8280                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        97734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        97734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  97734                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3392448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      3392448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3392448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            86127000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          238367750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          455104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         2407424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2862528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       455104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         455104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       529920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           529920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7111                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            37616                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                44727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          8280                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                8280                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           17342986                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           91741496                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              109084482                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      17342986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          17342986                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        20194055                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              20194055                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        20194055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          17342986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          91741496                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             129278537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      7964.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7111.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     37474.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004736991750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           445                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           445                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               104119                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                7512                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        44727                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        8280                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      44727                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      8280                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     142                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    316                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2768                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2980                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               2679                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               2338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               2478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               3199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               2181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              2177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2526                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              2675                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                456                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                545                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                435                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.38                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     419023000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   222925000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1254991750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9398.30                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28148.30                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     32455                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     6741                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  72.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 84.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  44727                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  8280                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    44581                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     411                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     414                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     445                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     252.197164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    162.478613                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    271.685682                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          4405     33.05%     33.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4818     36.15%     69.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1296      9.72%     78.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          679      5.09%     84.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          442      3.32%     87.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          404      3.03%     90.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          300      2.25%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          245      1.84%     94.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          740      5.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       99.957303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.390910                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     300.610139                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            395     88.76%     88.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           22      4.94%     93.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            7      1.57%     95.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.45%     95.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            4      0.90%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.22%     96.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      0.22%     97.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            3      0.67%     97.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1151            2      0.45%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1407            2      0.45%     98.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      0.22%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1663            1      0.22%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1792-1919            1      0.22%     99.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            2      0.45%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      0.22%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            445                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.851685                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.843479                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.524643                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                32      7.19%      7.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.67%      7.87% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               409     91.91%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.22%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            445                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2853440                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     9088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   508416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2862528                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                529920                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        108.74                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.37                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     109.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      20.19                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26241171000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      495051.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       455104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      2398336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       508416                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 17342986.380368780345                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 91395172.495843023062                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19374586.388081789017                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7111                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        37616                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         8280                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    224537750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   1030454000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 639012774000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31576.11                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27394.03                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  77175455.80                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              53143020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              28234800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            161999460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            26026920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2071336800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        7991397720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3347094240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13679232960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         521.284697                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8621150000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    876200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  16744036000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              42054600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              22348755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            156337440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15440760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2071336800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        7547000070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3721323840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13575842265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         517.344711                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9594514000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    876200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  15770672000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1978470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1978470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1978470                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1978470                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56613                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         56613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             56613                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3230572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3230572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3230572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3230572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2035083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2035083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2035083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2035083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.027819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.027819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57064.137212                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57064.137212                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57064.137212                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57064.137212                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15155                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15155                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56613                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3117346000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3117346000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   3117346000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3117346000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55064.137212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55064.137212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55064.137212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55064.137212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      56357                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1255406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1255406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         47790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             47790                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2737721000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2737721000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1303196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1303196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.036671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57286.482528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57286.482528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        47790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2642141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2642141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55286.482528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55286.482528                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         723064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             723064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8823                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    492851000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    492851000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       731887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         731887                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012055                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55859.798255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55859.798255                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8823                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475205000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    475205000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012055                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53859.798255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53859.798255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.131599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2035083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 56613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.947274                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.131599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          155                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2091696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2091696                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13185                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               24835                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13185                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              24835                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         43428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             69734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            69734                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789878000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2771528000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3561406000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789878000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2771528000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3561406000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           94569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          94569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.737388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.737388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30026.533871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63818.918670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 51071.299510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30026.533871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63818.918670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 51071.299510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11882                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    737266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2684672000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3421938000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    737266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2684672000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3421938000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28026.533871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61818.918670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49071.299510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28026.533871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61818.918670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49071.299510                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     77993                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              24835                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            69734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    789878000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2771528000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3561406000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        56613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          94569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.737388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30026.533871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63818.918670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51071.299510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    737266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2684672000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3421938000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693066                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.767103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.737388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28026.533871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61818.918670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49071.299510                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15155                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.477757                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 109724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.397669                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    70.255509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    49.867053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   390.355196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.137218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.097397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.762412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               188229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              188229                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                94569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               94569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15155                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       128381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  204293                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4593152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2429184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7022336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189780000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            170344000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           283065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26241386000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
