
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3845522000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 261054                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1414032                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   507643                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1003702687                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1944923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003846                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3845522000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            194030                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1944923                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      181085                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       71861                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            47                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1463959                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           127                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3845511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3845511                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1100050                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              573455                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       165393                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 710141                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        710141                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               956040                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              592432                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       10746                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1435888                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1435888                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             2525617                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1013504                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      181059                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        252920                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      71861                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1036      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1227188     63.10%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       44      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     63.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  134634      6.92%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     70.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    44750      2.30%     72.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     72.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      340      0.02%     72.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28365      1.46%     73.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     73.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               79862      4.11%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               91397      4.70%     82.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              84340      4.34%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    23688      1.22%     88.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   55238      2.84%     91.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              157371      8.09%     99.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              16623      0.85%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1944934                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1457719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1457719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1457719                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1457719                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6240                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6240                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185605000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    185605000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185605000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    185605000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1463959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1463959                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1463959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1463959                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004262                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004262                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29744.391026                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29744.391026                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29744.391026                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29744.391026                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6240                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    173125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    173125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004262                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004262                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27744.391026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27744.391026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27744.391026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27744.391026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       5992                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1457719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1457719                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    185605000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1463959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1463959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004262                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29744.391026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29744.391026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    173125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27744.391026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27744.391026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               241.597550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  141273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  5992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 23.576936                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   241.597550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.943740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.943740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          239                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1470199                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1470199                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4163                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1363                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total         9689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9689                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       353664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       353664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  353664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10978000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           22360000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           94400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          172032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              266432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        94400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          94400                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        87232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            87232                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1475                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1363                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1363                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           24548033                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           44735669                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               69283702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      24548033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          24548033                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        22684047                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              22684047                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        22684047                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          24548033                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          44735669                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              91967748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1121.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1475.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2669.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001820300500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            63                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            63                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10608                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1030                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4163                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1363                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4163                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1363                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      19                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    242                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                242                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 73                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               211                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               359                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                75                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      45757750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20720000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                123457750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11041.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29791.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2516                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      905                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4163                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1363                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4141                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     184.630303                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    125.556056                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    211.255979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           832     45.84%     45.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          597     32.89%     78.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          154      8.48%     87.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           78      4.30%     91.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           32      1.76%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           35      1.93%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           26      1.43%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           17      0.94%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           44      2.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           63                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       64.380952                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      40.134711                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     102.150021                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              23     36.51%     36.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             28     44.44%     80.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              5      7.94%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      3.17%     92.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      1.59%     93.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      1.59%     95.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            1      1.59%     96.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      1.59%     98.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      1.59%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             63                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           63                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.349206                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.321004                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.986338                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                21     33.33%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.59%     34.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                39     61.90%     96.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      3.17%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             63                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  265216                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1216                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    69952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   266432                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 87232                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         68.97                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         18.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      69.28                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      22.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3844987000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      695799.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        94400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       170816                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        69952                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 24548032.750820305198                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 44419457.228433482349                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 18190508.336709555238                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1475                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2688                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1363                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     45602250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     77855500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  77466151250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30916.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28964.10                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  56835033.93                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3905580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2072070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             10938480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1482480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      303017520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         503028990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1053077280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1877522400                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.236031                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2732946250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    128180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    984395750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9060660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4815855                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             18649680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4222980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      303017520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1280955300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         397981440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2018703435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         524.949132                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1019977750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    128180000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2697364250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           248709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               248709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          248709                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              248709                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           4221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               4221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          4226                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              4226                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225010000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    225010000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    225335000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       252930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           252930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       252935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          252935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016688                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53307.273158                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53307.273158                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53321.107430                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53321.107430                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            1918                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  1918                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          4221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    216570000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    216570000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    216885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    216885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51307.746979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51307.746979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51321.580691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51321.580691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       3969                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          178658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              178658                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    121433000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    121433000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       181080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          181080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50137.489678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50137.489678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    116591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116591000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48138.315442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48138.315442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          70051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              70051                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1799                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    103577000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    103577000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        71850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          71850                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025038                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.025038                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57574.763758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57574.763758                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1799                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99979000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99979000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025038                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55574.763758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55574.763758                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       325000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       325000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        65000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        65000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       315000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       315000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        63000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        63000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.048950                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  238079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  3969                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 59.984631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.048950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           62                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                257160                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               257160                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                6302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4765                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1537                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               6302                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2689                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              4164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1475                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2689                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             4164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    291351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    291351000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6240                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6240                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.236378                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.397860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.236378                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.397860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71324.745763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69225.362588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69969.020173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71324.745763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69225.362588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69969.020173                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1363                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1363                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1475                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102254000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180771000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    283025000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102254000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180771000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    283025000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.236378                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.397860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.236378                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.397860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69324.745763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67226.106359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67969.500480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69324.745763                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67226.106359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67969.500480                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      4823                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               6302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2689                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             4164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    105204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186147000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    291351000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.236378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.397860                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71324.745763                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69225.362588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69969.020173                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    102254000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    180771000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    283025000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.236378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.397860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69324.745763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67226.106359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67969.500480                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1918                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1918                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1918                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1918                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              500.462803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                   8483                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 4823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.758864                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   159.542003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    65.213135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   275.707665                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.311605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.127369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.538492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.977466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          416                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                17719                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               17719                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10466                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10465                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          1918                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10369                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        12480                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   22849                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       393152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       399360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   792512                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            31200000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             20056000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            21125000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3845522000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7686675000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 253334                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1414700                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   469132                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     7.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              973537321                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000136                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3704049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007687                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7686675000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            306229                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000136                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3704049                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      379722                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      147533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            48                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2913021                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           127                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7686664                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7686664                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1680202                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              942889                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       250524                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                1627659                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       1627659                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              2406417                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             1405901                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       29664                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               2523428                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      2523428                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             4532520                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1736607                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      379696                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        527229                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     147533                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1036      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2204375     59.51%     59.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       44      0.00%     59.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     59.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  254446      6.87%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     66.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    82586      2.23%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     68.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      340      0.01%     68.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   59895      1.62%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     70.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              253276      6.84%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              132386      3.57%     80.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             188389      5.09%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    45759      1.24%     87.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   93074      2.51%     89.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              333937      9.02%     98.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              54459      1.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3704060                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2894169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2894169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2894169                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2894169                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          18852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              18852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         18852                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             18852                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    376511000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    376511000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2913021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2913021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2913021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2913021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19971.939317                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19971.939317                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19971.939317                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19971.939317                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18852                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18852                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    338807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    338807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    338807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    338807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006472                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006472                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17971.939317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17971.939317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17971.939317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17971.939317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      18604                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2894169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2894169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         18852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             18852                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    376511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    376511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2913021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2913021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19971.939317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19971.939317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        18852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    338807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    338807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17971.939317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17971.939317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               244.796955                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  317841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 18604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 17.084552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   244.796955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.956238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.956238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          246                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.968750                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2931873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2931873                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6004                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6004                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        13875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13875                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       503744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       503744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  503744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15339000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           32299000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst           95936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          288320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              384256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        95936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total          95936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       119488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           119488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6004                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1867                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1867                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12480819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           37509066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               49989885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12480819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12480819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        15544823                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              15544823                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        15544823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12480819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          37509066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              65534708                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1218.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1499.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4480.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004939738500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            69                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            69                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15770                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1132                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6004                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1867                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6004                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1867                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    649                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                298                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                976                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               551                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 51                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      69393500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    29895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                181499750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11606.21                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30356.21                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3283                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      999                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6004                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1867                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5976                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      67                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     158.629834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    111.740582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    181.778528                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1575     54.39%     54.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          809     27.94%     82.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          231      7.98%     90.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          119      4.11%     94.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           35      1.21%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      1.24%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      0.93%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      0.62%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           46      1.59%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           69                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       86.217391                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      47.862289                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     123.606095                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              23     33.33%     33.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             28     40.58%     73.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              5      7.25%     81.16% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             2      2.90%     84.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            1      1.45%     85.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            1      1.45%     86.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      2.90%     89.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            2      2.90%     92.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            1      1.45%     94.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      1.45%     95.65% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      1.45%     97.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      1.45%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      1.45%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             69                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           69                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.405797                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.379016                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.959762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                21     30.43%     30.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.45%     31.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                45     65.22%     97.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      2.90%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             69                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  382656                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    76864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   384256                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                119488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         49.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         10.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      49.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      15.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.47                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.39                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7686014000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      976497.78                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst        95936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       286720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        76864                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12480819.079771162942                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 37300913.593979194760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9999642.238028796390                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1499                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4505                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1867                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     46572250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    134927500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 179049773750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     31068.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29950.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  95902396.22                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6740160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3578685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             16557660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1492920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      606649680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1218772860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1925348160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3779140125                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.648226                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4993585250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    256620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2436469750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13951560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7411635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             26132400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4776300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      606649680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2230969170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1072972320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3962863065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         515.549710                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2765034000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    256620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4665021000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           518078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               518078                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          518078                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              518078                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9166                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9166                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    413171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    413496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    413496000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       527239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           527239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       527244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          527244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45101.080668                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45101.080668                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45111.935413                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45111.935413                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2577                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2577                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    394851000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    395166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    395166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43101.298985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43101.298985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43112.153611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43112.153611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       8909                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          372991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              372991                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6726                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    292950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    292950000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       379717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          379717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.017713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43554.861731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43554.861731                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    279500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279500000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41555.159084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41555.159084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         145087                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             145087                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2435                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    120221000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    120221000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       147522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         147522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016506                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016506                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49372.073922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49372.073922                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    115351000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115351000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016506                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016506                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47372.073922                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47372.073922                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       325000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       325000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        65000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        65000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       315000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       315000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        63000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        63000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.522500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  507139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  8909                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 56.924346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.522500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                536409                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               536409                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           17353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               22013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          17353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              22013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6005                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4506                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6005                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107146000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316561000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    423707000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107146000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316561000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    423707000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        18852                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           28018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        18852                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          28018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.214327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.214327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71478.318879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70253.217932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70559.034138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71478.318879                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70253.217932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70559.034138                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1867                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1867                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6005                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104148000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    411699000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104148000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    411699000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69478.318879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68253.661784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68559.367194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69478.318879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68253.661784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68559.367194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      7142                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          17353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4660                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              22013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6005                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    107146000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316561000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    423707000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        18852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9166                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          28018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079514                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.214327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71478.318879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70253.217932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70559.034138                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104148000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    411699000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.079514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.491599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.214327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69478.318879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68253.661784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68559.367194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2577                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2577                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2577                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2577                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.228123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  19757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 7142                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.766312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   179.236308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    35.837036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   291.154779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.350071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.069994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.568662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          439                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38249                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38249                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                28018                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               28017                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        20908                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        37704                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   58612                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       751488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1206528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1958016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            94260000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             40903000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            45825000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7686675000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11555576000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 239729                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1416760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   436550                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    12.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              919738810                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3011865                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5484736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011556                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11555576000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            421341                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3011865                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5484736                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      579773                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      223425                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            51                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4375341                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11555565                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11555565                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2275096                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1337045                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       338351                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                2524666                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       2524666                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              3824335                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2201049                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       48372                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3646995                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3646995                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6603860                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2498787                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      579748                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        803173                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     223425                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  1645      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3209959     58.53%     58.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2230      0.04%     58.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     58.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  371540      6.77%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   119616      2.18%     67.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      340      0.01%     67.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   90871      1.66%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     69.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              422719      7.71%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              172518      3.15%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             290076      5.29%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                    73289      1.34%     86.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  131850      2.40%     89.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              506459      9.23%     98.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              91575      1.67%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5484747                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          4344001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              4344001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4344001                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             4344001                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          31340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              31340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         31340                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             31340                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    573133000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    573133000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    573133000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    573133000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4375341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4375341                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4375341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4375341                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18287.587747                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18287.587747                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18287.587747                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18287.587747                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         31340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    510455000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    510455000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    510455000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    510455000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16287.651563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16287.651563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16287.651563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16287.651563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      31085                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4344001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             4344001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         31340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             31340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    573133000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    573133000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4375341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4375341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18287.587747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18287.587747                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    510455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    510455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16287.651563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16287.651563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               245.929781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2587177                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 31085                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 83.229114                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   245.929781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.960663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.960663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4406680                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4406680                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7920                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2127                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        17967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17967                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       643008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       643008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  643008                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            18555000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           42634750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          105856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          401024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              506880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       105856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         105856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       136128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           136128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7920                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2127                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2127                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            9160599                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34703939                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               43864538                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       9160599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           9160599                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        11780287                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              11780287                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        11780287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           9160599                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34703939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              55644825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1433.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1654.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6241.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004939738500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            81                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            81                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20854                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1332                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7920                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2127                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7920                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2127                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    694                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                617                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1082                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               612                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      93090750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    39475000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                241122000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11791.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30541.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4100                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1184                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  51.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7920                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2127                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     148.039761                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.359930                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    168.195282                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2334     58.00%     58.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1047     26.02%     84.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          307      7.63%     91.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          153      3.80%     95.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           42      1.04%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           38      0.94%     97.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           33      0.82%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           20      0.50%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           50      1.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4024                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           81                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       97.320988                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      56.022152                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     120.532758                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              23     28.40%     28.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             30     37.04%     65.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              6      7.41%     72.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             3      3.70%     76.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            5      6.17%     82.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            3      3.70%     86.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            3      3.70%     90.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      3.70%     93.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            1      1.23%     95.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      1.23%     96.30% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      1.23%     97.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      1.23%     98.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      1.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             81                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           81                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.444444                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.418912                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.935414                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                23     28.40%     28.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.23%     29.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                55     67.90%     97.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      2.47%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             81                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  505280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    90432                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   506880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                136128                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         43.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      43.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      11.78                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11483278000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1142955.91                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       105856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       399424                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        90432                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 9160599.177401455119                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 34565477.307232454419                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7825832.308142839931                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1654                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6266                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2127                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     51000000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    190122000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 275946754000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30834.34                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30341.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 129735192.29                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     56.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9831780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5225715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23040780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1492920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      912125760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1950095400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2795155680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5696968035                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         493.005977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7247667500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    385840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3922068500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18899580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10045365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             33329520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5882940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      912125760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3190947210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1750227840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5921458215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         512.432977                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4516244500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    385840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6653491500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           789360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               789360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          789360                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              789360                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          13822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              13822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         13827                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             13827                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    593590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    593590000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    593915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    593915000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       803182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           803182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       803187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          803187                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017215                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42945.304587                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42945.304587                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42953.279815                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42953.279815                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2983                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2983                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    565946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    565946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    566261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    566261000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40945.304587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40945.304587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40953.279815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40953.279815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13571                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          568801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              568801                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         10967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             10967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    458881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    458881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       579768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          579768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018916                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41841.980487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41841.980487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    436947000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    436947000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39841.980487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39841.980487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         220559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             220559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2855                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2855                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134709000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134709000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       223414                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         223414                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47183.537653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47183.537653                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128999000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    128999000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012779                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012779                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45183.537653                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45183.537653                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       325000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       325000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        65000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        65000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       315000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       315000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        63000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        63000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.686795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  764795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 56.355095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.686795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                817014                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               817014                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           29685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               37246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          29685                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7561                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              37246                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7921                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1655                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6266                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7921                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117826000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    442899000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    560725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117826000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    442899000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    560725000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        31340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           45167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        31340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          45167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.052808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453171                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.175371                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.052808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453171                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.175371                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71193.957704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70682.891797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 70789.673021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71193.957704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70682.891797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 70789.673021                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2127                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2127                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114518000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    544885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114518000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    544885000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.052808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453171                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175371                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.052808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453171                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175371                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69195.166163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68682.891797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68789.925514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69195.166163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68682.891797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68789.925514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      9130                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          29685                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              37246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1655                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6266                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7921                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117826000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    442899000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    560725000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        31340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          45167                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.052808                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453171                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.175371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71193.957704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70682.891797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70789.673021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1655                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    114518000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430367000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544885000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.052808                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.453171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175371                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69195.166163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68682.891797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68789.925514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2983                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2983                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2983                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2983                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.160594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  38705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 9130                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 4.239321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   170.596152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    26.153205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   311.411237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.333196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.051080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.608225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                57792                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               57792                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                45167                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               45166                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2983                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        30637                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        62679                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   93316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1075840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2005696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3081536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           156695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             60082000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            69135000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11555576000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15318502000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 240559                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1416892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   434466                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    16.64                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              920812603                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4001865                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7227698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015319                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15318502000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            536035                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4001865                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7227698                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      774828                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      297293                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            52                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5800887                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15318491                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15318491                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2866414                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1748239                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       426127                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                3360682                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       3360682                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              5145747                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             2942045                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       66281                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               4776818                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      4776818                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             8687018                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3283918                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      774803                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1072095                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     297292                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2931      0.04%      0.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4215367     58.32%     58.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     6914      0.10%     58.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     58.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  480652      6.65%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     65.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   154184      2.13%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     67.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      340      0.00%     67.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  119842      1.66%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     68.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              580553      8.03%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              209960      2.90%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   8      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             384805      5.32%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   107607      1.49%     86.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  171041      2.37%     89.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              667196      9.23%     98.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             126251      1.75%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7227709                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5757878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5757878                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5757878                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5757878                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          43009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              43009                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         43009                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             43009                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    754882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    754882000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    754882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    754882000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5800887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5800887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5800887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5800887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17551.721733                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17551.721733                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17551.721733                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17551.721733                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         43009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    668864000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    668864000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    668864000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    668864000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15551.721733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15551.721733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15551.721733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15551.721733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      42755                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5757878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5757878                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         43009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             43009                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    754882000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    754882000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5800887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5800887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17551.721733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17551.721733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        43009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    668864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    668864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15551.721733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15551.721733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               247.912196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2925351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 42755                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 68.421261                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   247.912196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.968407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.968407                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5843896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5843896                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        22009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22009                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       781568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       781568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  781568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            21872000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           52754750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          112960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          514048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              627008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       112960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         112960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       154560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           154560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8032                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9797                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2415                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2415                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7374089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           33557328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               40931417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7374089                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7374089                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        10089759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              10089759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        10089759                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7374089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          33557328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              51021177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1624.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1765.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8007.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004939738500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            91                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            91                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25862                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1502                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9797                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2415                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9797                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2415                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    791                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               922                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               814                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     117479000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    48860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                300704000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12022.00                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30772.00                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4909                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1337                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  50.24                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9797                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2415                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9769                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      68                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      90                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     142.090252                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    103.961414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    157.085781                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3046     59.50%     59.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1291     25.22%     84.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          389      7.60%     92.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          198      3.87%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           50      0.98%     97.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           39      0.76%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      0.66%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           22      0.43%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           50      0.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5119                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           91                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      103.978022                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      61.782737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     118.214680                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              23     25.27%     25.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             31     34.07%     59.34% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              8      8.79%     68.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             3      3.30%     71.43% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            3      3.30%     74.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            5      5.49%     80.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            3      3.30%     83.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            6      6.59%     90.11% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      3.30%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            2      2.20%     95.60% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            1      1.10%     96.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      1.10%     97.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      1.10%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      1.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             91                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           91                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.505495                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.481839                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.899057                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                23     25.27%     25.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.10%     26.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                65     71.43%     97.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      2.20%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             91                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  625408                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   101952                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   627008                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                154560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         40.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          6.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      40.93                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      10.09                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15309131000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1253613.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       112960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       512448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       101952                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7374089.189660973847                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 33452879.400348678231                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 6655481.064662850462                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1765                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8032                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2415                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     54214000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    246490000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 350657728250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30716.15                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30688.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 145199887.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.81                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              13116180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6971415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             29402520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1539900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1208996880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2756527410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3561018720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7577573025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.668018                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9230928250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    511420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5576153750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              23433480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12455190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             40369560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6775560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1208996880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4114765590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2417239200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7824035460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.757218                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6241419000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    511420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8565663000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1053860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1053860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1053860                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1053860                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          18245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              18245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         18250                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             18250                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    771725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    771725000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    772050000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    772050000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1072105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1072105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1072110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1072110                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42297.889833                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42297.889833                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42304.109589                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42304.109589                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3438                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3438                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18250                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    735237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    735237000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    735552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    735552000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017023                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40297.999452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40297.999452                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40304.219178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40304.219178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      17993                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          759828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              759828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14995                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    622768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    622768000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       774823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          774823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41531.710570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41531.710570                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    592778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    592778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39531.710570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39531.710570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         294032                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             294032                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3250                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148957000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    148957000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       297282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         297282                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.010932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45832.923077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45832.923077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    142459000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    142459000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010932                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010932                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43833.538462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43833.538462                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       325000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       325000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        65000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        65000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       315000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       315000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        63000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        63000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.255024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1031031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 17993                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.301784                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.255024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1090359                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1090359                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           41244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               51461                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          41244                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10217                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              51461                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              9798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1765                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             9798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125524000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570598000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    696122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125524000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570598000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    696122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        43009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        18250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        43009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        18250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.041038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.159944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.041038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.159944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71118.413598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71031.744056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71047.356603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71118.413598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71031.744056                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71047.356603                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2415                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2415                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         9798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    554534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    676528000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    554534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    676528000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.041038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.041038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69118.413598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69031.993029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69047.560727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69118.413598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69031.993029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69047.560727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     11166                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          41244                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              51461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             9798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    125524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    570598000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    696122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        43009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        18250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.041038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440164                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.159944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71118.413598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71031.744056                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71047.356603                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    554534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    676528000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.041038                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.440164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.159944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69118.413598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69031.993029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69047.560727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3438                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3438                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3438                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3438                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.103728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  58377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                11166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 5.228103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   139.368678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    34.820209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   334.914841                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.272204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.068008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.654131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          386                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                76375                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               76375                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61259                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61258                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3438                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        39937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        86018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  125955                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1387968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2752576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4140544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           215045000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             78449000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            91245000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15318502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19156365000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 239089                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1416892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   429565                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              916002062                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8983477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019156                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19156365000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            648016                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8983477                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      973090                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      372822                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            54                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7247219                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19156365                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19156365                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3445487                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2116971                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       511100                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                4276462                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                       4276462                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads              6593367                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes             3753974                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       85163                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5862284                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5862284                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10690115                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4005640                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      973065                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1345887                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     372822                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2931      0.03%      0.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5190685     57.78%     57.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     6914      0.08%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     57.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                  600240      6.68%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       16      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   191948      2.14%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      340      0.00%     66.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                  151312      1.68%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     68.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd              753638      8.39%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     76.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt              250871      2.79%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   8      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult             488656      5.44%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   129636      1.44%     86.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  208807      2.32%     88.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              843429      9.39%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite             164015      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8983488                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7191622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7191622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7191622                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7191622                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          55597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              55597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         55597                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             55597                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    945066000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    945066000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    945066000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    945066000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7247219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7247219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7247219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7247219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16998.507114                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16998.507114                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16998.507114                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16998.507114                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    833872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    833872000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    833872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    833872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14998.507114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14998.507114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14998.507114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14998.507114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      55343                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7191622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7191622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         55597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             55597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    945066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    945066000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7247219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7247219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16998.507114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16998.507114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        55597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    833872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    833872000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 14998.507114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14998.507114                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               249.131851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7247219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 55597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                130.352699                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   249.131851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.973171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.973171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7302816                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7302816                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2718                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        26052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        26052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26052                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       920640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       920640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  920640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            25257000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           62833500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          114240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          632448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              746688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       114240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         114240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       173952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           173952                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1785                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9882                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11667                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2718                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5963553                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           33015032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               38978585                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5963553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5963553                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9080637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9080637                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9080637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5963553                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          33015032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              48059222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1713.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1785.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9855.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005490734500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            96                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            96                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                30887                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1587                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11667                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2718                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11667                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2718                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1005                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                931                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                607                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 33                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.99                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     141510250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    58200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                359760250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      12157.24                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30907.24                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5715                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1413                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  49.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11667                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2718                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11637                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      96                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     137.650630                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    101.946872                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    149.354849                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3775     60.95%     60.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1511     24.39%     85.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          459      7.41%     92.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          246      3.97%     96.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           54      0.87%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      0.66%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      0.55%     98.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.37%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           51      0.82%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6194                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           96                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      117.041667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      67.628781                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     128.618892                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              23     23.96%     23.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             31     32.29%     56.25% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95              8      8.33%     64.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127             3      3.12%     67.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            3      3.12%     70.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            5      5.21%     76.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            3      3.12%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            6      6.25%     85.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      3.12%     88.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            5      5.21%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      2.08%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            2      2.08%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            1      1.04%     98.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::672-703            1      1.04%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             96                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           96                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.531250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.508455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.882021                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                23     23.96%     23.96% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      1.04%     25.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                70     72.92%     97.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      2.08%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             96                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  744960                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   107712                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   746688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                173952                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         38.89                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          5.62                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      38.98                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19155889000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1331657.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       114240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       630720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       107712                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5963553.106239100918                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32924826.813437722623                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 5622778.643025437370                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1785                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9882                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2718                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     54947750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    304812500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 440657989750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30783.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     30845.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 162125824.04                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     53.38                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              16757580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8906865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             36478260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1706940                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1512014400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3598597530                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4325646240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9500107815                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.924348                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11210591000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    639600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7306174000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              27474720                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              14599365                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             46631340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7078320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1512014400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4977219480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3164701440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9749719065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.954547                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8176010750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    639600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  10340754250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1322583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1322583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1322583                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1322583                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23318                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23318                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    964131000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    964131000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    964456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    964456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1345896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1345896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1345901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1345901                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41355.938747                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41355.938747                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41361.008663                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41361.008663                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4176                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4176                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    917505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    917505000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    917820000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    917820000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39355.938747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39355.938747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39361.008663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39361.008663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23062                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          953736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              953736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19349                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    797881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    797881000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       973085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          973085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019884                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41236.291281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41236.291281                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    759183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    759183000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39236.291281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39236.291281                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         368847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             368847                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3964                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3964                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166250000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    166250000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       372811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         372811                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010633                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.010633                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41939.959637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41939.959637                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3964                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    158322000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158322000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.010633                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010633                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39939.959637                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39939.959637                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total               5                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       325000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       325000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total             5                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        65000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        65000                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       315000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       315000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        63000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        63000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.604620                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1345901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23318                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 57.719401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                181000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.604620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1369219                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1369219                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           53812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               67248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          53812                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13436                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              67248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          1785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             11667                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1785                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9882                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            11667                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    703619000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    830687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127068000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    703619000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    830687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        55597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           78915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        55597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          78915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423793                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.147843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423793                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.147843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71186.554622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71202.084598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71199.708580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71186.554622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71202.084598                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71199.708580                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2718                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2718                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        11667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9882                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    683855000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    807353000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    683855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    807353000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423793                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423793                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69186.554622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69202.084598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69199.708580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69186.554622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69202.084598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69199.708580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13313                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          53812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              67248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9882                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            11667                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    127068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    703619000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    830687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        55597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          78915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032106                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423793                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.147843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71186.554622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71202.084598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71199.708580                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1785                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    123498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    683855000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    807353000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.423793                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.147843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69186.554622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69202.084598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69199.708580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4176                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4176                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4176                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4176                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.683979                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  83091                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13825                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 6.010199                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   115.543147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    34.924218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   359.216614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.225670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.068211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.701595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          352                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                96916                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               96916                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                78915                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               78915                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4176                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        50812                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       111194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1759616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3558208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5317824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           277985000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             99795000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           116590000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19156365000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
