
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4843156000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 212021                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1343536                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   436851                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     4.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1026650597                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000144                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2060798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004843                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4843156000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            239608                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000144                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2060798                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      201717                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            74                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      139460                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            63                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1319788                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4843145                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4843145                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1493491                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              634761                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       176830                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  81369                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         81369                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               136512                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               69029                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       43018                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1990365                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1990365                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3845448                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1603860                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      201364                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        340733                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     139369                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 14340      0.70%      0.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1643714     79.76%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       20      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     80.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2029      0.10%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20498      0.99%     81.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      466      0.02%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    14386      0.70%     82.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24550      1.19%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     83.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   190016      9.22%     92.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  137376      6.67%     99.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               11348      0.55%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2060823                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    13                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1298896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1298896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1298896                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1298896                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              20892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         20892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             20892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1207577000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1207577000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1207577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1207577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1319788                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1319788                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.015830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.015830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57800.928585                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57800.928585                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57800.928585                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57800.928585                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         20892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1165795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1165795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55801.024316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55801.024316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55801.024316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55801.024316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20635                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1298896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1298896                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             20892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1207577000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1207577000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1319788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1319788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.015830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57800.928585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57800.928585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        20892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1165795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1165795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55801.024316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55801.024316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.577267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1130960                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 54.807851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.577267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.986630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          152                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1340679                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1340679                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18655                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        40201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        40201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  40201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1378944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1378944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1378944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            33110000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          100032000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          943104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          250816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1193920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       943104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         943104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       185024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           185024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            14736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3919                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18655                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          194729222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           51787719                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              246516941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     194729222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         194729222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        38203188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              38203188                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        38203188                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         194729222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          51787719                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             284720129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2053.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     14736.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3316.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000748310500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           118                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           118                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                40178                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1914                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18655                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2891                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18655                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2891                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     603                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    838                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                776                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               2535                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              3561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               358                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               155                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               143                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     198388750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    90260000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                536863750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10989.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29739.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11252                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1642                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18655                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2891                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18050                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     116                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     120                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     119                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     178.772740                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    130.609515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    171.607352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3067     42.66%     42.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2376     33.05%     75.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          916     12.74%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          355      4.94%     93.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          187      2.60%     95.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          136      1.89%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           59      0.82%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      0.54%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           55      0.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7190                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      152.177966                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     109.670425                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     149.000237                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31               5      4.24%      4.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             28     23.73%     27.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             18     15.25%     43.22% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            14     11.86%     55.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           16     13.56%     68.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           12     10.17%     78.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            7      5.93%     84.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            2      1.69%     86.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      2.54%     88.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.85%     89.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            3      2.54%     92.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            3      2.54%     94.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      1.69%     96.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.85%     97.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.85%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            1      0.85%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-991            1      0.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            118                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.220339                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.191759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.988270                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                46     38.98%     38.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      0.85%     39.83% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                70     59.32%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            118                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1155328                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    38592                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   130048                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1193920                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                185024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        238.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         26.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     246.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      38.20                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4842321000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      224743.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       943104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       212224                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       130048                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 194729222.019691288471                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 43819360.763931617141                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 26851912.265473172069                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        14736                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3919                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2891                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    431632000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    105231750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 112144364000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29290.99                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26851.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  38790855.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              29373960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              15612630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             82238520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6331860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      382306080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2028018390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         152025120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2695906560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         556.642520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    377148000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    161554750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4304453250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              21962640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11673420                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             46652760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4275180                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      382306080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1909160850                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         252115680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2628146610                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         542.651653                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    637407000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    161554750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4044194250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           334134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               334134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          334134                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              334134                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           7018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               7018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          7018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              7018                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    327634000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    327634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    327634000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       341152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           341152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       341152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          341152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46684.810487                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 46684.810487                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46684.810487                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 46684.810487                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3798                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          7018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    313598000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    313598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    313598000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44684.810487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44684.810487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44684.810487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44684.810487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6762                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          197436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              197436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              4281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    175517000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175517000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201717                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.021223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40999.065639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40999.065639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    166955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38999.065639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38999.065639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         136698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             136698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2737                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    152117000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    152117000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       139435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         139435                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019629                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55578.005115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55578.005115                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    146643000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    146643000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019629                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53578.005115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53578.005115                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.266755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  282597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6762                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.791925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.266755                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                348170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               348170                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                9254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6155                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               9254                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         14737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18656                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1026556000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257316000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1283872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1026556000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257316000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1283872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           27910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          27910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.668434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.668434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69658.410803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65658.586374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68818.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69658.410803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65658.586374                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68818.181818                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    997084000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249478000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1246562000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    997084000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249478000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1246562000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67658.546516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63658.586374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66818.289022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67658.546516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63658.586374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66818.289022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20617                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               9254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1026556000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257316000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1283872000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        20892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          27910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.668434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69658.410803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 65658.586374                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68818.181818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        14737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3919                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    997084000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    249478000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1246562000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.705390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.558421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.668434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67658.546516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63658.586374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66818.289022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3798                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              503.716669                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  30145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20617                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.462143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.460387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   188.484364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   208.771918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.207930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.368134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.407758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.983822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                52837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               52837                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                27910                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               27909                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3798                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        17834                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        41783                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   59617                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       692224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1337024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2029248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           104455000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             46900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            35090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4843156000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9399599000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 216368                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1358880                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   445991                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     9.24                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1016767656                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000172                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4122980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009400                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9399599000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            489684                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4122980                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      394443                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           142                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      255618                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            97                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2631806                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           228                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9399588                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    9399588                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3011815                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1279092                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       359514                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 163765                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        163765                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               275908                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              140605                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88250                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3981115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3981115                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7662341                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3220174                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      393630                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        649063                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     255433                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27738      0.67%      0.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3319929     80.52%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     81.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.10%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     81.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    42404      1.03%     82.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.04%     82.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    29118      0.71%     83.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   49090      1.19%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   370010      8.97%     93.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  253440      6.15%     99.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               23620      0.57%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4123022                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    15                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2593914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2593914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2593914                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2593914                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37892                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2166149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2166149000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2166149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2166149000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2631806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2631806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014398                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57166.393962                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57166.393962                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57166.393962                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57166.393962                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2090365000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2090365000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2090365000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2090365000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55166.393962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55166.393962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55166.393962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55166.393962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37636                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2593914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2593914                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2166149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2166149000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2631806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2631806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.014398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57166.393962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57166.393962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2090365000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2090365000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55166.393962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55166.393962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.236432                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2350983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 62.466335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.236432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          218                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2669698                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2669698                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               34543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              34543                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5536                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        74622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        74622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  74622                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2565056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2565056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2565056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            62223000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          185304000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1679552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          531200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2210752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1679552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1679552                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       354304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           354304                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26243                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8300                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                34543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5536                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          178683367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           56513049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              235196416                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     178683367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         178683367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        37693523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              37693523                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        37693523                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         178683367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          56513049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             272889939                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4291.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26243.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7413.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.001111898750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           246                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           246                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                75152                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4022                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        34543                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5536                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      34543                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5536                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     887                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1245                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                929                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                800                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               4603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               651                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              6491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              2769                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                199                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                377                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.41                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     372605000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   168280000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1003655000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11070.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29820.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     21003                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3438                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  34543                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5536                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    33651                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     163                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     247                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     248                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     246                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        13482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     180.023142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    131.081455                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    174.638514                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5710     42.35%     42.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4517     33.50%     75.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1701     12.62%     88.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          630      4.67%     93.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          352      2.61%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          256      1.90%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          123      0.91%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           85      0.63%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          108      0.80%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         13482                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      134.735772                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      93.954610                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     141.238195                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-31              16      6.50%      6.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::32-63             67     27.24%     33.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-95             57     23.17%     56.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::96-127            24      9.76%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-159           22      8.94%     75.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::160-191           15      6.10%     81.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            9      3.66%     85.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            4      1.63%     86.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-287            3      1.22%     88.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            5      2.03%     90.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            2      0.81%     91.06% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            5      2.03%     93.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            4      1.63%     94.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            3      1.22%     95.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::448-479            2      0.81%     96.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::480-511            2      0.81%     97.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.41%     97.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.41%     98.37% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::608-639            1      0.41%     98.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            1      0.41%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::864-895            1      0.41%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::960-991            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.349593                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.322243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.964545                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                81     32.93%     32.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.22%     34.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               157     63.82%     97.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      2.03%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            246                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2153984                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    56768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   273152                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2210752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                354304                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        229.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         29.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     235.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      37.69                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          2.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9398614000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      234502.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1679552                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       474432                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       273152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 178683367.237261921167                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 50473642.545814990997                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 29059963.089914795011                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8300                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5536                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    773846000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    229809000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 215733857000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29487.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27687.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  38969266.08                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              54264000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              28838205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            152524680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            10152900                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      741870480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3745357710                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         455460960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5188468935                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         551.988328                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1150586750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    313820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7935192250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              42004620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              22325985                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             87779160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12126060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      741870480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3658920060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         528250560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5093276925                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         541.861086                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1338905750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    313820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7746873250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           635654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               635654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          635654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              635654                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14365                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14365                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    697202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    697202000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    697202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    697202000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       650019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           650019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       650019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          650019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.022099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.022099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48534.772015                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 48534.772015                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48534.772015                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 48534.772015                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7222                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    668474000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    668474000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    668474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    668474000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46534.911243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46534.911243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46534.911243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46534.911243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14108                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              384806                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              9637                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    445519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    445519000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          394443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46230.050846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46230.050846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    426247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    426247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44230.258379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44230.258379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250848                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4728                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    251683000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    251683000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         255576                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018499                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53232.445008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53232.445008                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    242227000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    242227000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018499                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51232.445008                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51232.445008                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.561189                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  647732                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.912390                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.561189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                664383                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               664383                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6064                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17713                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             34544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            34544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1833381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    555838000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2389219000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1833381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    555838000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2389219000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           52257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          52257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.661041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.661041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69861.715505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66960.366221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69164.514822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69861.715505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66960.366221                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69164.514822                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 5536                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1780895000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    539238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2320133000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1780895000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    539238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2320133000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67861.715505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64960.607156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67164.572719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67861.715505                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64960.607156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67164.572719                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     38365                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11649                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            34544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1833381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    555838000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2389219000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14365                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          52257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.661041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69861.715505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66960.366221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69164.514822                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1780895000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    539238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2320133000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692574                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.577863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.661041                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67861.715505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64960.607156                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67164.572719                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7222                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.732003                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  58932                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                38365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.536088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   111.129433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   158.684217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.918353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.217050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.309930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.464684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                98356                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               98356                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                52257                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               52256                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7222                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35951                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75784                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  111735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1381504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2425088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3806592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             88367000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            71820000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9399599000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12985829000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 227699                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1359012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   462847                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    13.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              985580400                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000040                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6098362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012986                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12985829000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            774088                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000040                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6098362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      556668                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           271                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      317946                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           113                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3908944                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12985818                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12985818                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4349594                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1922819                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       559752                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      145337                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5937385                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5937385                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11279284                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4828243                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      555476                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        873237                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     317761                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30677      0.50%      0.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5050578     82.82%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.07%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.89%     84.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.03%     84.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.53%     84.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.85%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   528918      8.67%     94.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  315768      5.18%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.44%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6098412                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3871002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3871002                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3871002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3871002                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37942                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2169699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2169699000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2169699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2169699000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3908944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3908944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57184.623900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57184.623900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57184.623900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57184.623900                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2093815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2093815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2093815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2093815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55184.623900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55184.623900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55184.623900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55184.623900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37686                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3871002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3871002                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2169699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2169699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3908944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3908944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57184.623900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57184.623900                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2093815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2093815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009706                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55184.623900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55184.623900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.723468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2377966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37686                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.099453                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.723468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3946886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3946886                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               42829                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              42829                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        91702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        91702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  91702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3127872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3127872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3127872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            73049000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          229028000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1682688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1058368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             2741056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1682688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1682688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       386816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           386816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26292                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            16537                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                42829                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          129578789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           81501766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              211080556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     129578789                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         129578789                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        29787548                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              29787548                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        29787548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         129578789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          81501766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             240868103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4632.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26292.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     15589.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006640701750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           265                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           265                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                93030                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4345                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        42829                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6044                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      42829                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6044                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     948                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1412                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2645                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5091                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               2743                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              6673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.08                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     426667250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   209405000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1211936000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10187.61                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28937.61                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     28255                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3737                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  67.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  42829                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6044                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    41876                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        14497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     205.208802                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    140.877191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    216.770428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          5850     40.35%     40.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4713     32.51%     72.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1833     12.64%     85.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          678      4.68%     90.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          390      2.69%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          299      2.06%     94.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          204      1.41%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          179      1.23%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          351      2.42%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         14497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      156.279245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      89.703770                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     432.942650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            230     86.79%     86.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           27     10.19%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            5      1.89%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.75%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.396226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.369976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.944273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                81     30.57%     30.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.13%     31.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               176     66.42%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 2680384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    60672                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   295040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  2741056                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                386816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        206.41                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         22.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     211.08                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      29.79                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.79                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12985311000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      265694.98                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1682688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       997696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       295040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 129578789.309484973550                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 76829596.323808044195                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 22720151.328036122024                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        16537                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6044                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    775108500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    436827500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 300968114000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29480.77                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26415.16                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  49796180.34                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.78                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              58362360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              31016535                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            182119980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11849400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1024604880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4742032350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         993268320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7043253825                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         542.379992                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2539179500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    433420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  10013229500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              45160500                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              23999580                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            116910360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12214800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1024604880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4550072310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1154918880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6927881310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         533.495498                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2959193500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    433420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9593215500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           851315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               851315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          851315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              851315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23249                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23249                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1294505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1294505000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1294505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1294505000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       874564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           874564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       874564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          874564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55680.029249                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 55680.029249                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55680.029249                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 55680.029249                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8000                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23249                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1248009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1248009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1248009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1248009000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53680.115274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53680.115274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53680.115274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53680.115274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      22992                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          538780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              538780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             17888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1007732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1007732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       556668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          556668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56335.644007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 56335.644007                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        17888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    971958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    971958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54335.755814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54335.755814                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         312535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             312535                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5361                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286773000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    286773000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       317896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         317896                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016864                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53492.445439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53492.445439                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5361                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276051000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    276051000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016864                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51492.445439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51492.445439                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.234703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  871551                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 22992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.906707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.234703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          216                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                897812                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               897812                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               18361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              18361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26292                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         16538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42830                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1836622000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1094008000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2930630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1836622000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1094008000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2930630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           61191                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          61191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.699940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.699940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.784725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66151.167009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68424.702311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.784725                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66151.167009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68424.702311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6044                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784038000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060934000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2844972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784038000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060934000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2844972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.784725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64151.287943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66424.749008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.784725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64151.287943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66424.749008                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47066                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              18361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1836622000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1094008000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2930630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          61191                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.699940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69854.784725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66151.167009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68424.702311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784038000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060934000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2844972000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.692952                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.711342                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.699940                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67854.784725                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64151.287943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66424.749008                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8000                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.910674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  68582                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47066                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.457145                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    85.277128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   115.335407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   308.298139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.166557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.225264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.602145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          267                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               116769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              116769                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                61191                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               61190                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8000                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        54497                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  130381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1999872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4428160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189710000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            101191000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           116240000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12985829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                16599392000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 226708                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1359012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   452902                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.65                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              940525436                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4001118                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7993270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.016599                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 16599392000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1035141                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4001118                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7993270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      736561                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           369                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      408969                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           148                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5168011                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         16599381                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   16599381                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5520783                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2508479                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       727901                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204732                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7832309                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7832309                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14935508                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6371091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      735369                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1144153                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     408784                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.38%      0.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6674586     83.50%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     83.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.05%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.68%     84.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.40%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.65%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   708811      8.87%     94.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  406791      5.09%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.33%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7993337                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data          527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total             527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data          527                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total            527                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7115                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7122                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    421487000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    421487000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         7642                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         7649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         7642                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         7649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.931039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.931102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.931039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.931102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59180.182713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59180.988486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59180.182713                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59180.988486                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       406000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406837000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    407243000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       406000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406837000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    407243000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.931039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.931102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.931039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.931102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        58000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57180.182713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57180.988486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        58000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57180.182713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57180.988486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total            527                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       420000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    421487000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         7649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.931039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.931102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59180.182713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59180.988486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       406000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    406837000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    407243000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.931039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.931102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        58000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57180.182713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57180.988486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         1520                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1520                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         1520                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         1520                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse          967.090656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      12985879000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    23.635258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     0.659726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   942.795672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.007193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.007378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          824                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.055191                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            16403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           16403                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5130062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5130062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5130062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5130062                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2170238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170238000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2170238000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5168011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5168011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57188.279006                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57188.279006                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57188.279006                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57188.279006                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55188.279006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55188.279006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55188.279006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55188.279006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5130062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5130062                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170238000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2170238000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5168011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5168011                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57188.279006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57188.279006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007343                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55188.279006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55188.279006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.001359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2381684                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 63.186374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.001359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5205960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5205960                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               49951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              49951                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        91702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        91702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14244                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 105946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3127872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3127872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       455808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       455808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3583680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            80171000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37689750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          229028000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1683136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1513728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3196864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1683136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1683136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       386816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           386816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            23652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                49951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst          101397449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           91191774                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              192589223                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     101397449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total         101397449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        23303022                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              23303022                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        23303022                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst         101397449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          91191774                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             215892245                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4632.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26299.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     22702.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006640701750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           265                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           265                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               108198                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4345                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        49951                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6044                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      49951                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6044                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     950                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1412                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2506                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              7012                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.63                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     477568500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   245005000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1396337250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9746.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28496.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     34147                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3737                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  49951                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6044                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    48996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        15725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     218.173863                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    147.230638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    232.616589                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6040     38.41%     38.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5148     32.74%     71.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2037     12.95%     84.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          752      4.78%     88.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          436      2.77%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          326      2.07%     93.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          239      1.52%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          223      1.42%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          524      3.33%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         15725                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      156.279245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      89.703770                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     432.942650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            230     86.79%     86.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           27     10.19%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            5      1.89%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.75%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.396226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.369976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.944273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                81     30.57%     30.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.13%     31.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               176     66.42%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3136064                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    60800                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   295040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3196864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                386816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        188.93                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         17.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     192.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      23.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.14                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    16594410000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      296355.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1683136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1452928                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       295040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 101397448.774027377367                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 87528989.013573497534                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 17774144.980731822550                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        23652                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6044                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    775294750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    621042500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 300968114000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29480.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26257.50                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  49796180.34                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.64                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              61268340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              32557305                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            200869620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11849400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1309797840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        5647028760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1618774080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8882145345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         535.088595                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4156680750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    554060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11888651250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              51022440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              27119070                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            148997520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12214800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1309797840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5845574010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1451578080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8846303760                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         532.929384                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3717839250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    554060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12327492750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1113315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1113315                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1113315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1113315                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          32148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              32148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         32148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             32148                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1865397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1865397000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1865397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1865397000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1145463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1145463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1145463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1145463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.028066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.028066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58025.289287                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58025.289287                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58025.289287                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58025.289287                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9865                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9865                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         32148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        32148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1801103000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801103000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1801103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1801103000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028066                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56025.351499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56025.351499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56025.351499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56025.351499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      31891                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          711326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              711326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1481738000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1481738000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       736561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          736561                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58717.574797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58717.574797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1431270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1431270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56717.654052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56717.654052                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         401989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             401989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6913                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383659000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    383659000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       408902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         408902                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016906                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55498.191813                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55498.191813                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6913                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    369833000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    369833000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016906                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53498.191813                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53498.191813                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.618995                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1141643                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 31891                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 35.798282                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.618995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1177610                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1177610                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19618                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19618                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         24180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             50479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            50479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1600191000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3437310000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1600191000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3437310000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           70097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          70097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69855.089547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66178.287841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68093.860813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69855.089547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66178.287841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68093.860813                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7564                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784521000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1551833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3336354000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784521000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1551833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3336354000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67855.089547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64178.370554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66093.900434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67855.089547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64178.370554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66093.900434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     55610                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19618                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            50479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1600191000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3437310000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        32148                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          70097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69855.089547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66178.287841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68093.860813                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784521000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1551833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3336354000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.752146                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720131                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67855.089547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64178.370554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66093.900434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9865                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.583197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  79248                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                55610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.425067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    76.828366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    90.338352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   342.416478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.150055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.176442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.668782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          115                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               136084                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              136084                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                70097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               70096                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9865                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        74160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  150058                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2688768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5117504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            119422000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           160735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  16599392000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19901829000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 222727                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1359012                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   441039                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    22.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              886525265                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9900962                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019902                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19901829000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1268479                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9900962                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      920782                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           421                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      511322                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           164                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6441189                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           230                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19901829                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19901829                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6523763                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3081605                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       854808                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 184331                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        184331                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               311164                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              158233                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      270234                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9740009                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9740009                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18746849                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7943100                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      919591                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1430728                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     511137                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30678      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8295711     83.79%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       22      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        42      0.00%     84.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3989      0.04%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       20      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     84.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    54156      0.55%     84.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                     1582      0.02%     84.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    32056      0.32%     85.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   52028      0.53%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  25      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     85.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   893033      9.02%     94.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  509144      5.14%     99.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               26558      0.27%     99.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1993      0.02%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9901037                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            3478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3478                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           3478                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8624                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8624                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8631                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       420000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    512802000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    513222000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       420000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    512802000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    513222000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        12102                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        12109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        12102                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        12109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.712776                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.712776                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59462.198516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59462.634689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59462.198516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59462.634689                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8624                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8624                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8631                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       406000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    495960000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       406000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495554000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    495960000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.712776                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.712776                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        58000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57462.198516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57462.634689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        58000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57462.198516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57462.634689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           3478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       420000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    512802000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    513222000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12102                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        12109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.712776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        60000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59462.198516                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59462.634689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst       406000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    495554000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    495960000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.712609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.712776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst        58000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57462.198516                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57462.634689                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2392                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2392                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2392                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2392                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2187.319858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              14501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8743                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.658584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle      12985879000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    38.298181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst     1.711808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2147.309868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.000013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.016383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.016688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8743                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         8626                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.066704                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            23244                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           23244                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6403240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6403240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6403240                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6403240                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              37949                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             37949                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2170238000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170238000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2170238000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6441189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6441189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005892                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005892                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57188.279006                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57188.279006                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57188.279006                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57188.279006                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094340000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094340000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55188.279006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55188.279006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55188.279006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55188.279006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      37693                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6403240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6403240                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             37949                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2170238000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2170238000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6441189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6441189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57188.279006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57188.279006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        37949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2094340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2094340000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 55188.279006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55188.279006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.167070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6441189                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 37949                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                169.732773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.167070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6479138                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6479138                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               51460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              51460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        91702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        91702                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17262                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 108964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      3127872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      3127872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       552384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       552384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3680256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            81680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           45711750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          229028000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1683136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data         1610304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             3293440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1683136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1683136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       386816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           386816                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            26299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            25161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                51460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6044                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           84571926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           80912362                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              165484288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      84571926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          84571926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        19436204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              19436204                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        19436204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          84571926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          80912362                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             184920491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4632.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     26299.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     24196.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006640701750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           265                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           265                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState               112034                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4345                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        51460                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6044                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      51460                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6044                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     965                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   1412                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               3130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1714                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1975                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               2071                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1895                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               5703                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               3236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              7634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              2625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              3872                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              7122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                638                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                178                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                381                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               253                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.36                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     491167000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   252475000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat               1437948250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9727.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28477.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     35187                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3737                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  51460                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6044                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    50490                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     185                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     267                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     265                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples        16181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     217.954391                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    147.275776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    231.957196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          6168     38.12%     38.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5377     33.23%     71.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         2053     12.69%     84.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          770      4.76%     88.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          458      2.83%     91.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          350      2.16%     93.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          252      1.56%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          228      1.41%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          525      3.24%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total         16181                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      156.279245                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      89.703770                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     432.942650                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            230     86.79%     86.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           27     10.19%     96.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            5      1.89%     98.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            2      0.75%     99.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6656-6911            1      0.38%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            265                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.396226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.369976                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.944273                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                81     30.57%     30.57% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      1.13%     31.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               176     66.42%     98.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 5      1.89%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            265                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 3231680                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    61760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   295040                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  3293440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                386816                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        162.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         14.82                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     165.48                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      19.44                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      1.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19900801000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      346076.81                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1683136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data      1548544                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       295040                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 84571925.525035917759                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 77809130.005086466670                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 14824768.115533502772                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        25161                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6044                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    775294750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    662653500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 300968114000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29480.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26336.53                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  49796180.34                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     70.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              64188600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              34117050                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy            209916000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            11849400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1571019840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        6474478380                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2190143040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10555712310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         530.389057                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5634530750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    664460250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT  13602838000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              51343740                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              27289845                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            150618300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            12214800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1571019840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        6012106920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2579503200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10404096645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         522.770879                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6648689000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    664474000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  12588666000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1394005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1394005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1394005                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1394005                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          38024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              38024                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         38024                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             38024                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2060111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2060111000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2060111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2060111000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1432029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1432029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1432029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1432029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.026553                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.026553                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54179.228908                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54179.228908                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54179.228908                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54179.228908                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10988                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10988                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         38024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        38024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38024                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1984063000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1984063000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1984063000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1984063000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026553                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026553                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52179.228908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52179.228908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52179.228908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52179.228908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37768                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1628109000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1628109000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       920782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          920782                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032844                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53836.022750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53836.022750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1567625000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1567625000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51836.022750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51836.022750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         503465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             503465                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7782                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    432002000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    432002000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       511247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         511247                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015222                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015222                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55512.978669                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55512.978669                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7782                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    416438000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    416438000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015222                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015222                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 53512.978669                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53512.978669                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.848154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1432029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 38024                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 37.661188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.848154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1470053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1470053                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           11650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21035                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21035                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         26299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         28639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             54938                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            54938                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837119000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3584007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837119000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3584007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        38024                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        38024                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.723125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.723125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69855.089547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60996.822515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65237.303870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69855.089547                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60996.822515                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65237.303870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8436                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        54938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784521000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1689610000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3474131000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784521000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1689610000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3474131000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723125                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723125                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67855.089547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58996.822515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63237.303870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67855.089547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58996.822515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63237.303870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     60633                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          11650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21035                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            54938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1837119000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1746888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3584007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        37949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        38024                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.723125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69855.089547                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60996.822515                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65237.303870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        26299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        28639                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        54938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1784521000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1689610000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3474131000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.693009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.753182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.723125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67855.089547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58996.822515                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63237.303870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10988                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.984232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  86961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                61145                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.422210                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.648291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    75.347935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   360.988006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143844                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.147164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.705055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               148106                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              148106                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75973                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75973                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10988                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        87036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        75898                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  162934                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3136768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2428736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5565504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           189745000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            130913000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           190120000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19901829000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
