
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4274477000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  69801                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34242656                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   155829                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    14.33                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              298354420                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2232530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004274                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4274477000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            216962                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2232530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      263485                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           105                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       79584                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1370173                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           419                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4274466                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4274466                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1518798                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              547151                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       156490                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 500168                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        500168                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               894107                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              456038                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       31544                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1832042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1832042                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3506430                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1456919                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      263330                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        342902                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      79572                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38784      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1545608     69.23%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      327      0.01%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       861      0.04%     71.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1833      0.08%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    18912      0.85%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   138067      6.18%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       36      0.00%     78.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   115436      5.17%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23832      1.07%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4878      0.22%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 152      0.01%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 725      0.03%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 104      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                104      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   166961      7.48%     92.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   56348      2.52%     94.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               96369      4.32%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23224      1.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2232561                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    62                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           12141                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4987                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7154                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          12141                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2893                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3224                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6117                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184008000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    190171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    374179000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184008000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    190171000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    374179000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.367132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.335031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.367132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.335031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63604.562738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58986.042184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61170.344940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63604.562738                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58986.042184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61170.344940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1035                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1035                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    183723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    183723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361945000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.367132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310657                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.367132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310657                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61604.562738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56986.042184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59170.344940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61604.562738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56986.042184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59170.344940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  4005                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7154                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          12141                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    184008000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    190171000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    374179000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.367132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.335031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63604.562738                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58986.042184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61170.344940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178222000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    183723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    361945000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.367132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.310657                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61604.562738                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56986.042184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59170.344940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2055.524696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               7213                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             4005                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.800999                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    63.409981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   790.354825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1201.759891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.015481                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.192958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.293398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.501837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2756                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           96                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          441                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.672852                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            29408                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           29408                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1356280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1356280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1356280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1356280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    418732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    418732000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    418732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    418732000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1370173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1370173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30139.782624                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30139.782624                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30139.782624                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30139.782624                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    390946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    390946000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    390946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    390946000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28139.782624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28139.782624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28139.782624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28139.782624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13637                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1356280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1356280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    418732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    418732000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1370173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30139.782624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30139.782624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    390946000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    390946000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28139.782624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28139.782624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.268365                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1335370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 97.922564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.268365                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.985423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1384066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1384066                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6117                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1035                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13269                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       457728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       457728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  457728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11292000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           32696250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          185152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          206336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              391488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       185152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         185152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        66240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            66240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2893                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1035                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1035                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           43315709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           48271637                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               91587345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      43315709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          43315709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        15496633                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              15496633                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        15496633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          43315709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          48271637                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             107083978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       863.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2893.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3106.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004338659750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            48                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            48                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14113                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 791                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6117                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1035                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6117                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1035                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     118                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    172                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                478                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                407                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                152                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                519                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                20                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.05                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      58903250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    29995000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                171384500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9818.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28568.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4017                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      665                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6117                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1035                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5995                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     202.731073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.791899                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    236.162510                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           964     44.77%     44.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          688     31.96%     76.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          192      8.92%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           83      3.86%     89.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           51      2.37%     91.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           31      1.44%     93.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      1.86%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      1.07%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           81      3.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2153                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      124.208333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      62.906343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     287.400155                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              26     54.17%     54.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            17     35.42%     89.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            1      2.08%     91.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            1      2.08%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      2.08%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      2.08%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      2.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.479167                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.456904                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.874937                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                12     25.00%     25.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 1      2.08%     27.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                35     72.92%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  383936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     7552                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    53696                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   391488                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 66240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         89.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         12.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      91.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      15.50                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.80                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4274045000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      597601.37                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       185152                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       198784                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        53696                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 43315708.565047845244                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 46504870.654351398349                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 12562004.661622932181                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2893                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3224                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1035                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     87435750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     83948750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  95950997500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30223.21                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26038.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  92706277.78                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6418860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3411705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             19399380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             2134980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      336822720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         789548040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         976516800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2134252485                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         499.301431                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2530978000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    142480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1601019000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8974980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4758930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             23433480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             2244600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      336822720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         883803240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         897144000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2157181950                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         504.665705                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2323074250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    142480000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1808922750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           322523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               322523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          328108                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              328108                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          12247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              12247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14930                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14930                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375509000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    375509000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    449282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       334770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           334770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       343038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          343038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.043523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30661.304809                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30661.304809                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30092.565305                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30092.565305                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    351017000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    351017000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    419424000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    419424000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28661.468115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28661.468115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28092.699263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28092.699263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14673                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          247444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              247444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188994000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    188994000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          255217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24314.164415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24314.164415                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    173448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    173448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22314.164415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22314.164415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          75079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              75079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    186515000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    186515000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          79553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41688.645507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41688.645507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    177569000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177569000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056239                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056239                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39689.092535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39689.092535                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2683                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73773000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     73773000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.324504                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.324504                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27496.459187                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27496.459187                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     68407000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68407000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.324504                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324504                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25496.459187                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25496.459187                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               247.082604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  337710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.015743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   247.082604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.965166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.965166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                357967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               357967                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10564                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280662000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318637000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    599299000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280662000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318637000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    599299000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           28823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          28823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.633487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.633487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35617.005076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30700.163792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32822.115121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35617.005076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30700.163792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32822.115121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297881000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    562783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297881000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    562783000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33617.005076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28700.356489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30822.224656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33617.005076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28700.356489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30822.224656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20860                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    318637000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    599299000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          28823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.633487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35617.005076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30700.163792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32822.115121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297881000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    562783000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33617.005076                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28700.356489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30822.224656                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.925882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  33383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.600336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.028680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   132.863468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   261.033734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.207087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.259499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.509832                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.976418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55652                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                28823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               28822                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   63102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1304704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2193856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             56108000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            74645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4274477000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8316040000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  83666                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34248620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   178202                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    23.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              347864070                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000091                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4260094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008316                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8316040000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            445671                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4260094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      518797                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      259180                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           173                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2658065                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8316029                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8316029                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2591342                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1117181                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       322865                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       64973                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3807430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3807430                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7383134                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3023114                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      518555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        777719                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     259164                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 51207      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3092266     72.59%     73.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4004      0.09%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.03%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.06%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.48%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      3.51%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      2.93%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.68%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.12%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.01%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.03%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   413982      9.72%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  216012      5.07%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      2.45%     98.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      1.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4260140                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    99                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           27290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9505                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17785                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          27290                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5122                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4359                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5122                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9481                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278458000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    311100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    589558000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278458000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    311100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    589558000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.223600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.257839                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.223600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.257839                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63881.165405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60737.992971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62183.103048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63881.165405                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60737.992971                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62183.103048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1801                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1801                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4359                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9481                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269740000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300856000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    570596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269740000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300856000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314411                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.223600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257839                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314411                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.223600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257839                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61881.165405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58737.992971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60183.103048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61881.165405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58737.992971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60183.103048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  7027                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17785                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          27290                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5122                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278458000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    311100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    589558000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314411                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.223600                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.257839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63881.165405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60737.992971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62183.103048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    269740000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    300856000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    570596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314411                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.223600                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.257839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61881.165405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58737.992971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60183.103048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2601.308767                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              18608                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7027                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.648072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.506506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   843.116075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1682.686186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.018434                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.205839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.410812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.635085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.851562                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            56199                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           56199                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2636866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2636866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2636866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2636866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21199                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21199                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    644237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    644237000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    644237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    644237000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2658065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2658065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30389.971225                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30389.971225                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30389.971225                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30389.971225                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    601839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    601839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    601839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    601839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28389.971225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28389.971225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28389.971225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28389.971225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20943                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2636866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2636866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    644237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    644237000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2658065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30389.971225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30389.971225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    601839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    601839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28389.971225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28389.971225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.081925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1902386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 90.836365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.081925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2679264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2679264                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9481                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9481                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1801                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        20763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        20763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  20763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       722048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       722048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  722048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            18486000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           50769750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          278976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          327808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              606784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       278976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         278976                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       115264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           115264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4359                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5122                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9481                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1801                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1801                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           33546736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           39418762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               72965498                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      33546736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          33546736                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        13860443                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              13860443                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        13860443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          33546736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          39418762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              86825941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1599.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4359.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4966.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004915300500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            91                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            91                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                22549                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1485                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9481                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1801                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9481                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1801                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     156                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    202                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                725                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                737                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                608                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 65                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                86                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     100033750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    46625000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                274877500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10727.48                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29477.48                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5850                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1223                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.49                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9481                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1801                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9320                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     182.252874                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    122.300982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    217.053569                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1864     48.69%     48.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1209     31.58%     80.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          303      7.92%     88.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          138      3.61%     91.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           66      1.72%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           47      1.23%     94.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           50      1.31%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      0.84%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          119      3.11%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           91                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      102.307692                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      60.680217                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     214.487228                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              50     54.95%     54.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            29     31.87%     86.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      5.49%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      1.10%     93.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      1.10%     94.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      2.20%     96.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      1.10%     97.80% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      1.10%     98.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      1.10%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             91                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           91                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.318681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.292726                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.941383                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                30     32.97%     32.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      2.20%     35.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                59     64.84%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             91                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  596800                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     9984                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   100864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   606784                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                115264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         71.76                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         12.13                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      72.97                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      13.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.66                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.56                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8312886000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      736827.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       278976                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       317824                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       100864                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 33546736.186935126781                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 38218190.388694621623                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 12128849.789082303643                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4359                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5122                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1801                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    132945500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    141932000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 185309275500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30499.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27710.27                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 102892435.04                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     64.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10688580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5681115                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             28581420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3784500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      656435520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1344979980                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2060744640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          4110895755                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.333331                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5343998000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    277680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2694362000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              16643340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8846145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             37999080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4442220                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      656435520.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2121512070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1406822880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4252701255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.385378                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3635896000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    277680000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4402464000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           741686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               741686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          747334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              747334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         30597                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             30597                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    772616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    772616000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    851596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    851596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       769514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           769514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       777931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          777931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27763.978726                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27763.978726                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27832.663333                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27832.663333                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10692                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10692                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    716962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    716962000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    790404000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    790404000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25764.050597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25764.050597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25832.728699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25832.728699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      30340                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          491262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              491262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    428486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    428486000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       510380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          510380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22412.700073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22412.700073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    390252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    390252000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20412.804687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20412.804687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    344130000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    344130000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       259134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         259134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39509.758898                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39509.758898                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326710000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    326710000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37509.758898                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37509.758898                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     78980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     78980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73442000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73442000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.416424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  678715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 30340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.370303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.416424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                808527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               808527                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7335                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         22908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449972000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    598647000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1048619000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449972000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    598647000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1048619000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           51796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          51796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.709939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.709939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32456.145413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26132.661079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28516.779071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32456.145413                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26132.661079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28516.779071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    422244000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    552833000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    975077000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    422244000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    552833000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    975077000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30456.145413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24132.748385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26516.833460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30456.145413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24132.748385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26516.833460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     42555                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    449972000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    598647000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1048619000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          51796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.709939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32456.145413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26132.661079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28516.779071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    422244000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    552833000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    975077000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30456.145413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24132.748385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26516.833460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.793856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  61633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                42555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.448314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   105.358330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   134.845999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   265.589528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.205778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.263371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.518730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               105555                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              105555                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                51796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               51795                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10692                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        71885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  114283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2642432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1356736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3999168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           105995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            105256000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           152980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8316040000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11946146000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  95518                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34248620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   199943                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    31.41                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              380340657                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6280005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011946                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11946146000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            672950                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6280005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      786660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      425871                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           191                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3915842                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11946135                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11946135                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3586207                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1677647                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       489509                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       95327                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5812202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5812202                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11317218                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4638970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      786339                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1212194                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     425855                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 61291      0.98%      0.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4662573     74.24%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     9058      0.14%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.02%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.04%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.32%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      2.38%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.99%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.46%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.08%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.02%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   681766     10.86%     91.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  382703      6.09%     97.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.67%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6280060                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   101                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9525                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        28543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           38068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9525                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        28543                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          38068                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5774                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4367                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5774                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10141                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278958000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354278000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    633236000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278958000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354278000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    633236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.210355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.210355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63878.635219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61357.464496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62443.151563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63878.635219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61357.464496                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62443.151563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1972                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1972                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5774                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5774                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270224000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    612954000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270224000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    612954000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61878.635219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59357.464496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60443.151563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61878.635219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59357.464496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60443.151563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  7512                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        28543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          38068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5774                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10141                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    278958000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354278000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    633236000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.210355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63878.635219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61357.464496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62443.151563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10141                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270224000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    342730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    612954000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.210355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61878.635219                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59357.464496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60443.151563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2907.371732                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              26257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.495341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.807221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   791.944802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2037.619709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.018996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.193346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.497466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.709808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3681                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          160                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2918                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          586                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.898682                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            69194                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           69194                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3894609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3894609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3894609                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3894609                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21233                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21233                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    645344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    645344000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    645344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    645344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3915842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3915842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30393.444167                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30393.444167                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30393.444167                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30393.444167                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    602878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    602878000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    602878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    602878000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28393.444167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28393.444167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28393.444167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28393.444167                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20977                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3894609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3894609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    645344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    645344000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3915842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30393.444167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30393.444167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    602878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    602878000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28393.444167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28393.444167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.664775                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2094950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 99.868904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.664775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3937075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3937075                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10141                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1972                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        22254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        22254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  22254                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       775232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       775232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  775232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            20001000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           54357250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          279488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          369536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              649024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       279488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         279488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       126208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           126208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5774                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10141                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1972                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1972                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           23395663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           30933491                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               54329154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      23395663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          23395663                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        10564746                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              10564746                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        10564746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          23395663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          30933491                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              64893900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1763.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4367.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5617.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004915300500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           100                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           100                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24970                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1638                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10141                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1972                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10141                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1972                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    209                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                350                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                688                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               398                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               634                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                25                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     109298000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    49920000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                296498000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10947.32                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29697.32                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6018                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1354                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  60.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 76.80                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10141                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1972                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9979                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     172.461609                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    117.101616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    208.511638                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2203     50.64%     50.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1378     31.68%     82.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          306      7.03%     89.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          138      3.17%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           69      1.59%     94.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           50      1.15%     95.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           51      1.17%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      0.78%     97.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          121      2.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4350                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       99.730000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      59.945802                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     205.396087                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              55     55.00%     55.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            32     32.00%     87.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            5      5.00%     92.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      2.00%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      1.00%     95.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      2.00%     97.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      1.00%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      1.00%     99.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      1.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            100                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.380000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.355226                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.918717                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                30     30.00%     30.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      2.00%     32.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                68     68.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  638976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   111232                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   649024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                126208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         53.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.31                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      54.33                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      10.56                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11941584000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      985848.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       279488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       359488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       111232                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 23395662.500692691654                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 30092382.932537406683                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9311120.088436890393                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4367                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5774                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1972                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    133178000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    163320000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 273380033750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30496.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28285.42                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 138630848.76                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.76                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12059460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6409755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             30323580                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             4264740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      942857760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1798247400                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3073006560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5867169255                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.134903                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7971081250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    398840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3576224750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              18999540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10098495                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             40962180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4807620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      942857760.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2831480700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2202915360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6052121655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.617084                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5698374250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    398840000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5848931750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1164154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1164154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1169802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1169802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              39905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         42674                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             42674                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1041287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1041287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1120267000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1120267000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1204059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1204059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1212476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1212476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26094.148603                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26094.148603                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26251.745794                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26251.745794                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    961479000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    961479000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1034921000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1034921000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24094.198722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24094.198722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24251.792661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24251.792661                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      42417                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          748061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              748061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    638827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    638827000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       778243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          778243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.038782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21165.827314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21165.827314                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    578465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    578465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19165.893579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19165.893579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         416093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             416093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    402460000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    402460000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       425816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         425816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41392.574308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41392.574308                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383014000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    383014000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39392.574308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39392.574308                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     78980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     78980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73442000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73442000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.809247                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1173886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 42417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.674894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.809247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1255149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1255149                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         34318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450820000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    788851000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1239671000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450820000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    788851000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1239671000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           63907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          63907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.754377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.754377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32451.770803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22986.508538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25713.980502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32451.770803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22986.508538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25713.980502                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423036000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1143253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423036000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1143253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30451.770803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20986.566816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23714.021987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30451.770803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20986.566816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23714.021987                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54465                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    450820000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    788851000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1239671000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          63907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.754377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32451.770803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22986.508538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25713.980502                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423036000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    720217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1143253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30451.770803                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20986.566816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23714.021987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.679733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  74745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.372349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.503466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    96.903787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   304.272480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.208015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.189265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.594282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               130790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              130790                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                63907                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               63906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        97253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  139719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3493056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1358912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4851968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           213365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11946146000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15571009000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105514                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34248620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218935                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              410735151                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000037                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8299833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015571                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15571009000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            900207                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8299833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1054468                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      592546                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           211                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5173473                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15570998                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15570998                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4581005                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2238104                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       656143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      125665                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7816893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7816893                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15251076                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6254782                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1054070                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1646600                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     592530                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71378      0.86%      0.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6232865     75.10%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    14111      0.17%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.02%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.03%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.25%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.80%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.51%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.35%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.06%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.02%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   949497     11.44%     91.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  549378      6.62%     98.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.26%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8299898                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   102                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        39286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           48824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9538                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        39286                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          48824                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6408                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4374                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6408                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10782                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396445000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    675809000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396445000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    675809000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.140237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.180888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.140237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.180888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63869.227252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61867.197253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62679.373029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63869.227252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61867.197253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62679.373029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2143                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2143                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10782                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10782                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270616000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    654245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270616000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    654245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.140237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.140237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61869.227252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59867.197253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60679.373029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61869.227252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59867.197253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60679.373029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8055                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        39286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          48824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10782                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396445000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    675809000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.140237                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.180888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63869.227252                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61867.197253                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62679.373029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270616000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    383629000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    654245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.140237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61869.227252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59867.197253                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60679.373029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3095.064362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              30415                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8055                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.775916                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    77.656969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   721.232546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2296.174848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.018959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.176082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.560590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.755631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3782                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1633                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.923340                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            82079                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           82079                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5152214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5152214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5152214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5152214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21259                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21259                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    646208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    646208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5173473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5173473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30396.914248                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30396.914248                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30396.914248                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30396.914248                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603690000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    603690000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603690000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    603690000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28396.914248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28396.914248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28396.914248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28396.914248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21003                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5152214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5152214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646208000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    646208000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5173473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30396.914248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30396.914248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    603690000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    603690000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28396.914248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28396.914248                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.975610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2341751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                111.496024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.975610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995998                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5194732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5194732                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10782                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2143                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        23707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        23707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  23707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       827200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       827200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  827200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            21497000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           57839500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          279936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          410112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              690048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       279936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         279936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       137152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           137152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6408                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2143                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2143                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           17978026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26338178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               44316203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      17978026                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          17978026                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         8808164                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               8808164                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         8808164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          17978026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          26338178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              53124367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1934.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4374.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6251.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004915300500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           110                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           110                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                27353                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1808                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10782                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2143                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10782                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2143                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    209                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                735                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                611                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 67                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                84                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                55                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     118422000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    53125000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                317640750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11145.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29895.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6184                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1511                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.20                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.13                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10782                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2143                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     165.605117                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    113.608691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    202.499695                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2513     51.85%     51.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1552     32.02%     83.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          308      6.35%     90.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          139      2.87%     93.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           71      1.46%     94.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           50      1.03%     95.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           52      1.07%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      0.70%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          128      2.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4847                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       96.509091                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      58.089075                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     196.827300                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              62     56.36%     56.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            32     29.09%     85.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      7.27%     92.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      1.82%     94.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.91%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.82%     97.27% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.91%     98.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.91%     99.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.91%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.436364                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.412875                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.893681                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                30     27.27%     27.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.82%     29.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                78     70.91%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            110                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  680000                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   122752                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   690048                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                137152                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         43.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.88                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      44.32                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       8.81                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15569195000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1204579.88                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       279936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       400064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       122752                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 17978025.701481517404                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 25692875.779597841203                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7883368.380302136764                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4374                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6408                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2143                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    133350500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    184290250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 353517025250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30487.08                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28759.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 164963614.21                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.27                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              15579480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8276895                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             34843200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5188680                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1228665360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2886029700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3548927040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7727510355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.275505                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9197321500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    519740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5853947500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19035240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10117470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41019300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             4823280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1228665360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2894474820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3541815360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7739950830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         497.074456                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9178641750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    519740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5872627250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1586816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1586816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1592464                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1592464                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          51716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              51716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         54485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             54485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1304860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1304860000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1383840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1383840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1638532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1638532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1646949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1646949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25231.263052                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25231.263052                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25398.550060                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25398.550060                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12858                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12858                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         51716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1201430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1201430000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1274872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1274872000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23231.301725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23231.301725                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23398.586767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23398.586767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      54228                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1004964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1004964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    845515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    845515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1046051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1046051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20578.650181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20578.650181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    763343000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    763343000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18578.698859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18578.698859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         581852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             581852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    459345000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    459345000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         592481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43216.200960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43216.200960                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438087000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    438087000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41216.200960                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41216.200960                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     78980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     78980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73442000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73442000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.552040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1532555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 54228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.261323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.552040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1701433                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1701433                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         45695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451472000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    977651000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1429123000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451472000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    977651000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1429123000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.786953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.786953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32451.983899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21395.141700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23975.757881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32451.983899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21395.141700                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23975.757881                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    886263000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309911000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    886263000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309911000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30451.983899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19395.185469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21975.791434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30451.983899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19395.185469                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21975.791434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     66296                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451472000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    977651000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1429123000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.786953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32451.983899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21395.141700                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23975.757881                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    423648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    886263000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1309911000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30451.983899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19395.185469                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21975.791434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.685472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  87583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                66296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.321090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    99.587016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    75.496574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   333.601882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.194506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.147454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.651566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               155410                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              155410                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75744                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12858                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       121827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  164345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4309888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5670464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106295000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            140034000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           272420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15571009000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19196784000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 108857                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34248620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   224672                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              417934169                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000052                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10319744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019197                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19196784000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1127486                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000052                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10319744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1322331                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      759238                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           231                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6431251                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19196773                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19196773                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5575870                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2798570                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       822787                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      156019                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9821666                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9821666                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19185164                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7870638                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1321854                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2081076                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     759222                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 81462      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7803172     75.61%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    19165      0.19%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.20%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.45%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.21%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.28%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1217281     11.80%     91.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  716070      6.94%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.01%     99.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10319819                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   104                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        49985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           59545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9560                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        49985                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          59545                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4376                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7041                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4376                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7041                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11417                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279482000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438309000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    717791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279482000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438309000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    717791000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        70962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        70962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.160889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.160889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63867.001828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62250.958671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62870.368748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63867.001828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62250.958671                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62870.368748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2596                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2596                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4376                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7041                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4376                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7041                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11417                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270730000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424227000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    694957000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270730000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424227000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    694957000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61867.001828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60250.958671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60870.368748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61867.001828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60250.958671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60870.368748                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8711                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        49985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          59545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4376                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7041                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11417                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    279482000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    438309000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    717791000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        70962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.160889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63867.001828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62250.958671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62870.368748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4376                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    270730000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    424227000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    694957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.314007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.123470                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61867.001828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60250.958671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60870.368748                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3230.960213                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              33465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.841694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    74.849933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   649.657352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2506.452928                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.018274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.158608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.611927                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.788809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3838                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          164                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1568                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2089                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.937012                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            95170                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           95170                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6409958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6409958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6409958                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6409958                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21293                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21293                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646930000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    646930000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646930000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    646930000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6431251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6431251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30382.285258                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30382.285258                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30382.285258                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30382.285258                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    604344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    604344000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    604344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    604344000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28382.285258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28382.285258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28382.285258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28382.285258                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21037                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6409958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6409958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    646930000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6431251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30382.285258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30382.285258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    604344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    604344000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28382.285258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28382.285258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.169091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2534315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                120.469411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.169091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6452544                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6452544                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11417                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2596                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        25430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        25430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  25430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       896832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       896832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  896832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            24397000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           61291750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          280064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          450624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              730688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       280064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         280064                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       166144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           166144                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4376                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7041                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2596                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2596                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           14589110                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           23473932                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               38063042                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      14589110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          14589110                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         8654783                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               8654783                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         8654783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          14589110                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          23473932                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              46717825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2335.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4376.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6884.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004915300500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           132                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           132                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                30006                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2184                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11417                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2596                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11417                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2596                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     157                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    261                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                888                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                648                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                126                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 34                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 38                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.87                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     127265500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    56300000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                338390500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11302.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30052.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6341                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1862                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.31                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 79.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11417                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2596                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     101                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     103                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     132                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     161.727476                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    111.339553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    200.453079                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2835     52.77%     52.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1725     32.11%     84.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          313      5.83%     90.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          142      2.64%     93.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           73      1.36%     94.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           51      0.95%     95.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           53      0.99%     96.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           39      0.73%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          141      2.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5372                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       85.196970                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      50.232625                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     181.525236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              82     62.12%     62.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            34     25.76%     87.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      6.06%     93.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      1.52%     95.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.76%     96.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.52%     97.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.76%     98.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.76%     99.24% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.76%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            132                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.545455                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.523732                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.859288                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                30     22.73%     22.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.52%     24.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                98     74.24%     98.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.52%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            132                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  720640                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    10048                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   148224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   730688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                166144                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         37.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      38.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       8.65                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19193613000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1369700.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       280064                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       440576                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       148224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 14589110.342649059370                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22950510.877238601446                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7721293.316630534828                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4376                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7041                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2596                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    133401750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    204988750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 444630099500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30484.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29113.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 171275076.85                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     60.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              16493400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8766450                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             35914200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5778540                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1515087600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3199516020                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4677236160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9458792370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.727968                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12127468750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    640900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6428415250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              21869820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              11620290                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             44482200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6310980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1515087600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3738770790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4223126880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9561268560                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         498.066164                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10940993750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    640900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7614890250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2009465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2009465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2015113                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2015113                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          63612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              63612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         66381                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             66381                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1569229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1569229000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1648209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1648209000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2073077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2073077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2081494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2081494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24668.757467                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24668.757467                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24829.529534                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24829.529534                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1442007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1442007000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1515449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1515449000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22668.788908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22668.788908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22829.559663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22829.559663                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      66124                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         51994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             51994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1052093000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1052093000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1313914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1313914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20234.892488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20234.892488                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    948107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    948107000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18234.930954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18234.930954                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         747545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             747545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517136000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    517136000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       759163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         759163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44511.619900                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44511.619900                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    493900000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    493900000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42511.619900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42511.619900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     78980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     78980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73442000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73442000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.014396                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2048357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 66124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.977512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.014396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2147874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2147874                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         57027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             70963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            70963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451898000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1165565000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1617463000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451898000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1165565000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1617463000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           87674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          87674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.809396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.809396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32426.664753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20438.827222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22793.047081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32426.664753                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20438.827222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22793.047081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424026000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1051513000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475539000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424026000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1051513000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475539000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30426.664753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18438.862293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20793.075265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30426.664753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18438.862293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20793.075265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     78266                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            70963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    451898000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1165565000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1617463000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          87674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.809396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32426.664753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20438.827222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22793.047081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1051513000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1475539000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30426.664753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18438.862293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20793.075265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.311501                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 100735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.287085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   102.174656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    62.301040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   344.835804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.199560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.121682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.673507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               180471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              180471                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                87674                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               87673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       146780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  189366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5145536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1362752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6508288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            157769000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           331900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19196784000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22826321000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 111323                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34248620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   228945                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    53.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              423508919                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12339703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022826                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22826321000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1354774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12339703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1590195                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      925931                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           249                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7689054                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22826310                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22826310                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6570770                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3359052                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       989437                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      186375                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11826487                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11826487                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23119334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9486532                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1589640                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2515555                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     925915                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 91545      0.74%      0.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9373524     75.96%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    24219      0.20%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.17%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.21%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.23%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.04%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1485067     12.03%     91.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  882763      7.15%     98.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      0.85%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12339787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   106                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9583                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        60762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           70345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9583                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        60762                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          70345                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4385                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7700                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12085                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280020000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    481855000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    761875000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280020000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    481855000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    761875000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        82430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        82430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.313932                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.146609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.313932                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.146609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63858.608894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62578.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63043.028548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63858.608894                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62578.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63043.028548                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3097                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3097                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    271250000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    466455000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    737705000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    271250000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    466455000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    737705000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.313932                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.313932                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61858.608894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60578.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61043.028548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61858.608894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60578.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61043.028548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  9348                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        60762                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          70345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7700                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280020000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    481855000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    761875000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        82430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.313932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.146609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63858.608894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62578.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63043.028548                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    271250000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    466455000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    737705000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.313932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.112471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.146609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61858.608894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60578.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61043.028548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3335.968414                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              38585                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             9348                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.127621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.593525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   585.926776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2678.448113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.017479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.143049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.653918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.814445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3932                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1567                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.959961                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           108256                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          108256                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7667721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7667721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7667721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7667721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21333                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21333                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    648180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    648180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    648180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    648180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7689054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7689054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30383.912249                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30383.912249                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30383.912249                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30383.912249                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605514000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    605514000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605514000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    605514000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28383.912249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28383.912249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28383.912249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28383.912249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21077                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7667721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7667721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    648180000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    648180000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7689054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30383.912249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30383.912249                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    605514000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    605514000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28383.912249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28383.912249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.301211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2890741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                137.151445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.301211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7710387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7710387                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12085                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3097                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        27267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        27267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  27267                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       971648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       971648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  971648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            27570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           64914000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          280640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          492800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              773440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       280640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         280640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       198208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           198208                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7700                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3097                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3097                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           12294579                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           21589112                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               33883691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      12294579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          12294579                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         8683309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               8683309                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         8683309                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          12294579                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          21589112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              42567000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2794.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4385.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7523.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004915300500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           157                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           157                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                32732                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2612                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12085                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3097                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12085                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3097                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     177                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    303                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                882                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1099                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                850                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               491                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                91                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     137073250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    59540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                360348250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11511.02                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30261.02                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6503                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2262                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.61                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 80.96                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12085                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3097                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11903                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     157                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     158.949221                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    109.655826                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    199.315574                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3160     53.49%     53.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1900     32.16%     85.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          321      5.43%     91.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          143      2.42%     93.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           77      1.30%     94.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           52      0.88%     95.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           55      0.93%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           45      0.76%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          155      2.62%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       75.764331                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      44.686125                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     167.820651                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             107     68.15%     68.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            34     21.66%     89.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            8      5.10%     94.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      1.27%     96.18% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.64%     96.82% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.27%     98.09% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.64%     98.73% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.64%     99.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.64%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            157                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.617834                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.598718                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.804913                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                30     19.11%     19.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.27%     20.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               123     78.34%     98.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.27%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            157                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  762112                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    11328                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   177024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   773440                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                198208                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         33.39                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      33.88                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       8.68                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.26                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22821823000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1503215.85                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       280640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       481472                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       177024                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 12294578.701491141692                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 21092842.775671120733                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7755257.625615621917                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4385                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7700                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3097                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    133639250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    226709000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 529360678250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30476.45                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29442.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 170926922.26                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.62                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              17057460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9062460                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             36592500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6154380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1801509840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3408900390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5894654400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11173931430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.519596                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15290314000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    762060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6773947000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              25132800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13358400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             48430620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8284140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1801509840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4690202820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4815662880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11402581500                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         499.536544                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12471695000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    762060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9592566000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2432030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2432030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2437678                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2437678                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          75595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              75595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         78364                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             78364                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1836948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1836948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1915928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1915928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2507625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2507625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2516042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2516042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24299.861102                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24299.861102                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24449.083763                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24449.083763                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15126                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15126                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1685760000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1685760000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1759202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1759202000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22299.887559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22299.887559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22449.109285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22449.109285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      78107                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1518736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1518736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1262108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1262108000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1581778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1581778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20020.113575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20020.113575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1136026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1136026000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18020.145300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18020.145300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         913294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             913294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        12553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            12553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    574840000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    574840000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       925847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         925847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45793.037521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45793.037521                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    549734000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    549734000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43793.037521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43793.037521                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     78980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     78980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73442000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73442000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.330121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2429845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 78107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.109184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.330121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993477                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2594405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2594405                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17266                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         68463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             82431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            82431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452834000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1356461000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1809295000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452834000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1356461000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1809295000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           99697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          99697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.826815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.826815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32419.387171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19813.052306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21949.206003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32419.387171                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19813.052306                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21949.206003                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424898000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1219537000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1644435000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424898000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1219537000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1644435000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30419.387171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17813.081518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19949.230265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30419.387171                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17813.081518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19949.230265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90210                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            82431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452834000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1356461000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1809295000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          99697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.826815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32419.387171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19813.052306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21949.206003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424898000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1219537000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1644435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30419.387171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17813.081518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19949.230265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.738990                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 113780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                90210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.261279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   101.511577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    53.298474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   354.928939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.198265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.104099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.693221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               205545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              205545                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                99697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               99696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       171853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  214519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5983296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1365312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7348608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            175327000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           391815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22826321000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26455135000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116380                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34248620                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   238736                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    60.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              439834588                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      14359482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026455                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26455135000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1582034                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      14359482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1858003                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1092604                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8946663                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26455135                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26455135                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7565587                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3919500                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1156075                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      216715                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13831129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13831129                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            27053096                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11102293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1857371                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2949959                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1092588                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                101632      0.71%      0.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10943770     76.21%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    29271      0.20%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.14%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.04%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      0.87%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.20%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.04%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1752798     12.21%     91.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1049436      7.31%     98.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      0.73%     99.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   14359576                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   108                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         9601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        71577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           81178                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9601                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        71577                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          81178                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         12755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4390                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8365                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        12755                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280322000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    525351000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    805673000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280322000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    525351000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    805673000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        93933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        93933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.313773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.104638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.135788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.313773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.104638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.135788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63854.669704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62803.466826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63165.268522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63854.669704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62803.466826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63165.268522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3492                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3492                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        12755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        12755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    271542000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    508621000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    780163000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    271542000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    508621000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    780163000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.313773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.104638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135788                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.313773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.104638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135788                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61854.669704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60803.466826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61165.268522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61854.669704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60803.466826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61165.268522                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  9922                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        71577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          81178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8365                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        12755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280322000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    525351000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    805673000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        93933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.313773                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.104638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.135788                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63854.669704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62803.466826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63165.268522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    271542000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    508621000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    780163000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.313773                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.104638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.135788                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61854.669704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60803.466826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61165.268522                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3425.139700                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             107414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            13991                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             7.677364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    67.421247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   523.867987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2833.850466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.016460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.127897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.691858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.836216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4069                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1571                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2321                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.993408                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           121405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          121405                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8925302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8925302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8925302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8925302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21361                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21361                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    648986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    648986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    648986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    648986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8946663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8946663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30381.817331                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30381.817331                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30381.817331                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30381.817331                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    606264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    606264000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    606264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    606264000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28381.817331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28381.817331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28381.817331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28381.817331                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21105                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8925302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8925302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    648986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    648986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8946663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30381.817331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30381.817331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    606264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    606264000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28381.817331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28381.817331                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.397063                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8946663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                418.831656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.397063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8968024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8968024                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3492                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        29002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        29002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29002                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1039808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1039808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1039808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            30215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           68545000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          280960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          535360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              816320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       280960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         280960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       223488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           223488                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4390                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3492                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10620244                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20236525                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               30856769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10620244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10620244                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         8447812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               8447812                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         8447812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10620244                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20236525                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              39304581                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      3166.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4390.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8168.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004915300500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           178                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           178                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                35359                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2969                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12755                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3492                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12755                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3492                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     197                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    326                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                739                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                871                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                978                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               899                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 87                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                367                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               136                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.11                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     146492750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    62790000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                381955250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      11665.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 30415.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6674                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2592                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  53.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12755                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3492                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    12553                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     147                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     178                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     156.156022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    108.084936                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    197.793896                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3483     54.13%     54.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2078     32.29%     86.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          324      5.03%     91.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          143      2.22%     93.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           80      1.24%     94.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           53      0.82%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           56      0.87%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           49      0.76%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          169      2.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       70.511236                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      41.770614                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     158.504852                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63             126     70.79%     70.79% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            35     19.66%     90.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            9      5.06%     95.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            2      1.12%     96.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-319            1      0.56%     97.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::320-383            2      1.12%     98.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-447            1      0.56%     98.88% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      0.56%     99.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1856-1919            1      0.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            178                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.662921                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.645591                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.765703                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                30     16.85%     16.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.12%     17.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               144     80.90%     98.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      1.12%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            178                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  803712                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    12608                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   201216                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   816320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                223488                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         30.38                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.61                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      30.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       8.45                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26453934000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1628235.00                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       280960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       522752                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       201216                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10620244.425137123093                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19759944.524947613478                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7605933.592854468152                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4390                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8365                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3492                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    133774250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    248181000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 617609676750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     30472.49                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29668.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 176864168.60                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              20741700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              11020680                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             41162100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             8080560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2087932080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4489976640                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6377738880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13036652640                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.783448                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16535168500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    883220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   9036746500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              25211340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13400145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             48502020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             8331120                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2087932080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4758378810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6151716000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13093471515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         494.931193                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15944451750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    883220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9627463250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2854507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2854507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2860155                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2860155                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          87589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              87589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         90358                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             90358                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2104961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2104961000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2183941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2183941000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2942096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2942096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2950513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2950513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.029771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24032.252908                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24032.252908                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24169.868744                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24169.868744                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16196                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16196                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        87589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         87589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        90358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1929783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1929783000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2003225000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2003225000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22032.252908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22032.252908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22169.868744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22169.868744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      90102                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1775500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1775500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         74086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             74086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1472420000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1472420000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1849586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1849586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.040055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19874.470210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19874.470210                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1324248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1324248000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17874.470210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17874.470210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1079007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1079007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    632541000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    632541000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1092510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1092510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46844.479005                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46844.479005                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    605535000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    605535000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44844.479005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44844.479005                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     78980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     78980000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73442000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73442000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26522.932467                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.559176                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2950513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 90358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 32.653589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.559176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3040871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3040871                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10416                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         79942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             93933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            93933                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453425000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1547867000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2001292000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453425000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1547867000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2001292000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.840797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.840797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32408.333929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19362.375222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21305.526279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32408.333929                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19362.375222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21305.526279                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          13481                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                13481                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425443000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1387983000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1813426000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425443000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1387983000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1813426000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30408.333929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17362.375222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19305.526279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30408.333929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17362.375222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19305.526279                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    102179                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            93933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453425000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1547867000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2001292000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.840797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 32408.333929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19362.375222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21305.526279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425443000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1387983000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1813426000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30408.333929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17362.375222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19305.526279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.049130                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 127915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               102691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.245630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.120567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    46.663170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   367.265393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.187735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.091139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.717315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230606                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16196                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       196912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6819456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1367104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8186560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            192699000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           451790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26455135000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
