
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4889149000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  91741                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34272380                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   165541                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    10.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              448524523                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004889                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4889149000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            205593                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1804475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      210775                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           104                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      156157                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           132                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1332480                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1110                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4889138                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4889138                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1099309                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              688280                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       162376                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  25985                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         25985                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                33304                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               10256                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       26893                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1784264                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1784264                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3577239                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1465055                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      210660                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        366815                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     156155                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 10803      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1398688     77.51%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     1046      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     17600      0.98%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     477      0.03%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        8      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2091      0.12%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     79.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1832      0.10%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    5173      0.29%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      3      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   208987     11.58%     91.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142260      7.88%     99.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1673      0.09%     99.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              13895      0.77%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1804536                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    44                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        28069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           34251                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        28069                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6182                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          34251                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3757                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4278                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8035                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    228979000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254257000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    483236000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    228979000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254257000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    483236000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        42286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        42286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.118048                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.408987                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.190016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.118048                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.408987                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.190016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60947.298376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59433.613838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60141.381456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60947.298376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59433.613838                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60141.381456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          275                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              275                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8035                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    221465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    245701000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    467166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    221465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    245701000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    467166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.118048                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.408987                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.118048                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.408987                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58947.298376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57433.613838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58141.381456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58947.298376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57433.613838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58141.381456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1914                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        28069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          34251                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3757                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8035                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    228979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    254257000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    483236000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        31826                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        42286                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.118048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.408987                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.190016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60947.298376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59433.613838                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60141.381456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    221465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    245701000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    467166000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.118048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.408987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.190016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58947.298376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57433.613838                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58141.381456                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7570                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3782.608956                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               9343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.881400                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    14.912700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1497.750233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2269.946023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.091415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.138547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.230872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          833                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5378                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.382874                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            58043                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           58043                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1290556                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1290556                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41924                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    979067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    979067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    979067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    979067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1332480                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23353.377540                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23353.377540                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23353.377540                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23353.377540                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    895221000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    895221000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    895221000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    895221000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21353.425246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21353.425246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21353.425246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21353.425246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41667                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1290556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    979067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    979067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1332480                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031463                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23353.377540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23353.377540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    895221000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    895221000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031463                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21353.425246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21353.425246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               250.841023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1322210                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41667                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 31.732786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   250.841023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.979848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.979848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1374403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1374403                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8035                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8035                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       531840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       531840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  531840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9410000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           42863750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          240448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          273792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              514240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       240448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         240448                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        17600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            17600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3757                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4278                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8035                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           275                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 275                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           49179929                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           55999930                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              105179858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      49179929                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          49179929                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3599808                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3599808                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3599808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          49179929                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          55999930                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             108779667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       244.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3757.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4167.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005839752500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17371                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 211                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8035                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         275                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8035                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       275                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     111                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     31                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                757                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                467                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                354                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               486                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               543                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 60                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      67925750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    39620000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                216500750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8572.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27322.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5431                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      171                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 70.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8035                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   275                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7921                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     204.986237                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    134.562075                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    238.202083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1116     43.89%     43.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          815     32.05%     75.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          250      9.83%     85.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          104      4.09%     89.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           55      2.16%     92.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           41      1.61%     93.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           28      1.10%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           16      0.63%     95.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          118      4.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2543                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      605.846154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     295.020351                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1301.124440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255              7     53.85%     53.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            5     38.46%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.230769                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.207360                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.926809                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 4     30.77%     30.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2     15.38%     46.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 7     53.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  507136                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     7104                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    14336                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   514240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 17600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        103.73                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     105.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.60                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.81                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4886949000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      588080.51                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       240448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       266688                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        14336                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 49179928.858785040677                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 54546916.037944436073                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2932207.629589525983                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3757                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4278                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          275                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    103700500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    112800250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  90030600500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27601.94                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26367.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 327384001.82                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9274860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4925910                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             26260920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              480240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      385379280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1331872830                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         755856480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2514050520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         514.210248                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1951476500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    163020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2774652500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8903580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4724775                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30316440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              689040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      385379280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1198189590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         868431840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2496634545                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         510.648079                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2245972500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    163020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2480156500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               349620                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              350169                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              16420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             16702                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    517849000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    517849000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    538261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    538261000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           366040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          366871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045526                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31537.697929                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31537.697929                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32227.338043                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32227.338043                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9112                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16702                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    485009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    485009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    504857000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    504857000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29537.697929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29537.697929                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30227.338043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30227.338043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      16446                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11036                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    241205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    241205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          209944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.052566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21856.197898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21856.197898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11036                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    219133000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219133000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19856.197898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19856.197898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             150712                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5384                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    276644000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    276644000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         156096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.034492                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 51382.615156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51382.615156                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    265876000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    265876000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034492                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49382.615156                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49382.615156                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               549                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             282                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20412000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20412000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           831                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 72382.978723                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72382.978723                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19848000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19848000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339350                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 70382.978723                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70382.978723                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.825937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  359411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 16446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.854007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.825937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991508                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                383573                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               383573                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           10097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            6242                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16339                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16339                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         31827                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             42287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            42287                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    635203000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381681000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1016884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    635203000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381681000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1016884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           58626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          58626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.721301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19957.991642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36489.579350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24047.201268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19957.991642                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36489.579350                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24047.201268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7570                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    571551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360761000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    932312000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    571551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360761000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    932312000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17958.054482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34489.579350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22047.248563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17958.054482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34489.579350                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22047.248563                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     47472                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          10097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           6242                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16339                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            42287                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    635203000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381681000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1016884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        16702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          58626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.721301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19957.991642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36489.579350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24047.201268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        31827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    571551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360761000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    932312000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.759159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.626272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.721301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17958.054482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34489.579350                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22047.248563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9112                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.542389                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  66860                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                47472                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.408409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.462627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   228.711168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   181.368594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.188404                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.446701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.354236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          261                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               115722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              115722                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                58626                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               58625                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9112                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42516                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        83847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  126363                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1652096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2683072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4335168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           209615000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            104186000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            83510000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4889149000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 9952790000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  96098                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34303580                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   175752                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    20.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              478213095                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.009953                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  9952790000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            427740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000005                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3657819                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      452187                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           393                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      313257                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           174                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2688069                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          3982                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          9952779                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    9952779                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2221688                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1331575                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       334624                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  41741                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         41741                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                52406                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               16118                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       55155                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3625523                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3625523                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7204384                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2941682                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      452058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        765311                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     313253                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 16604      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2835621     77.52%     77.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     2469      0.07%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     23291      0.64%     78.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     843      0.02%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       10      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     2949      0.08%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     2506      0.07%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    8257      0.23%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      4      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  22      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  3      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   449316     12.28%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  290137      7.93%     99.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                2742      0.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23116      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3657894                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    69                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        60767                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        17368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           78135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        60767                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        17368                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          78135                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         8275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         14246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8275                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5971                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        14246                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    510938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360244000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    871182000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    510938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360244000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    871182000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        92381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        92381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.119855                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.255838                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.154209                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.119855                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.255838                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.154209                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61744.773414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60332.272651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61152.744630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61744.773414                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60332.272651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61152.744630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         1449                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             1449                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        14246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        14246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494388000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    348302000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    842690000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494388000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    348302000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    842690000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.119855                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.255838                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.119855                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.255838                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59744.773414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58332.272651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59152.744630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59744.773414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58332.272651                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59152.744630                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  7032                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        60767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        17368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          78135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5971                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        14246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    510938000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    360244000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    871182000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        92381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.119855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.255838                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.154209                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61744.773414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60332.272651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61152.744630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494388000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    348302000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    842690000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.119855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.255838                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.154209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59744.773414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58332.272651                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59152.744630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15888                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5473.541751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              35739                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             7032                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.082338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    26.531054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2534.831702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2912.178995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.154714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.177745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.334078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7706                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         7184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.470337                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           123007                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          123007                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2599370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2599370                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              88699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             88699                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2104687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2104687000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2104687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2104687000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2688069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23728.418584                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23728.418584                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23728.418584                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23728.418584                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         88699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1927289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1927289000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1927289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1927289000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21728.418584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21728.418584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21728.418584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21728.418584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      88443                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2599370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             88699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2104687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2104687000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2688069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032997                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23728.418584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23728.418584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        88699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1927289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1927289000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032997                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21728.418584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21728.418584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.465735                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2665841                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 88443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.141911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.465735                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2776768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2776768                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14246                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1449                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        29941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        29941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29941                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1004480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1004480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1004480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            21491000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           76137750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          529600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          382144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              911744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       529600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         529600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        92736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            92736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             8275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                14246                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1449                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           53211210                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           38395666                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               91606876                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      53211210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          53211210                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9317588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9317588                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9317588                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          53211210                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          38395666                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             100924464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1352.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      8275.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5790.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005839752500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            78                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            78                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                32085                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1248                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        14246                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1449                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      14246                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1449                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     181                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     97                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1766                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1453                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                896                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                610                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               936                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 61                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                 90                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 62                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                26                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.21                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     134246000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    70325000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                397964750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9544.69                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28294.69                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9215                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1025                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  14246                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1449                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    14062                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     191.105243                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    129.907414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    214.370948                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2324     45.13%     45.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1624     31.53%     76.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          546     10.60%     87.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          215      4.17%     91.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          122      2.37%     93.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           73      1.42%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           56      1.09%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      0.60%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          159      3.09%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           78                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      179.730769                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      76.783065                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     554.265694                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             67     85.90%     85.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           10     12.82%     98.72% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      1.28%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             78                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           78                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.971399                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.993485                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                37     47.44%     47.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      6.41%     53.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                35     44.87%     98.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      1.28%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             78                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  900160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    11584                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    84864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   911744                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 92736                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         90.44                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          8.53                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      91.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.32                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     9952666000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      634129.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       529600                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       370560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        84864                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 53211210.122990638018                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 37231771.191796474159                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8526654.335116082802                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         8275                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5971                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1449                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    234976000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    162988750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 211070980500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28395.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27296.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 145666653.21                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              18806760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               9996030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             48152160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3789720                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      785509920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2560434870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1665715680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5092405140                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         511.656042                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4304402750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    332280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5316107250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              17971380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               9548220                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             52271940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             3132000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      785509920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2538097140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1684526400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5091057000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         511.520589                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4354071250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    332280000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5266438750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               726172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              727499                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              37349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             37870                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    985168000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    985168000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1010194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1010194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           763521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          765369                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.048917                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.049479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26377.359501                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26377.359501                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26675.310272                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26675.310272                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 19247                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         37349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        37870                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    910470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    910470000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    934456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    934456000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048917                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.049479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24377.359501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24377.359501                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24675.363084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24675.363084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      37613                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              423005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             27334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    577271000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    577271000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          450339                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.060696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21119.155630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21119.155630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        27334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    522603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    522603000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.060696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19119.155630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19119.155630                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             303167                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407897000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    407897000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         313182                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031978                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40728.607089                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40728.607089                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10015                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    387867000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    387867000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031978                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38728.607089                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38728.607089                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1327                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             521                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     25026000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     25026000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1848                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 48034.548944                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48034.548944                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          521                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     23986000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23986000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.281926                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 46038.387716                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46038.387716                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.932026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  751421                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 37613                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 19.977694                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.932026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           79                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                803238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               803238                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           14530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               34187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              34187                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         69042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             92382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            92382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1391934000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651709000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2043643000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1391934000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651709000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2043643000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          126569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         126569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.729894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20160.684801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27922.407883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22121.657899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20160.684801                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27922.407883                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22121.657899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                15888                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1253850000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    605031000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858881000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1253850000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    605031000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858881000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18160.684801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25922.493573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20121.679548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18160.684801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25922.493573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20121.679548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    104383                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          14530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              34187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            92382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1391934000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651709000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2043643000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        88699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         126569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.729894                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20160.684801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27922.407883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22121.657899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        69042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        92382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1253850000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    605031000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1858881000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.778385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.616319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.729894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18160.684801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25922.493573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20121.679548                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        19247                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.319036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               104383                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.390504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.383916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   287.001605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   143.933515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.560550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.281120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          266                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          159                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               250711                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              250711                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               126569                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              126568                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         19247                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        94986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       177398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  272384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3655424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5676736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9332160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           443495000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            222804000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           189345000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   9952790000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14933327000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  98189                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34304368                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   181014                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    30.56                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              488706059                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000312                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014933                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14933327000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            652474                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000312                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5531203                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      694975                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           643                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      472532                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           243                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     4048872                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6061                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14933316                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14933316                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3363537                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1972769                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       509050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  63234                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         63234                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                79565                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               25875                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       82521                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5483861                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5483861                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10862383                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4428448                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      694692                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1167218                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     472526                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22861      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4286929     77.50%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4149      0.08%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     27900      0.50%     78.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1335      0.02%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     4636      0.08%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     3786      0.07%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   12406      0.22%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  44      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   2      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  6      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   689977     12.47%     91.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  438523      7.93%     99.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4715      0.09%     99.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34003      0.61%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5531303                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    91                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        95535                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        25872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          121407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        95535                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        25872                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         121407                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        10760                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         8085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         18845                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        10760                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8085                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        18845                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    667593000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    486763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1154356000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    667593000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    486763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1154356000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       140252                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       140252                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.101228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.134365                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.101228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.134365                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62043.959108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60205.689549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61255.293181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62043.959108                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60205.689549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61255.293181                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2296                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2296                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        18845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8085                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        18845                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646073000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1116666000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646073000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1116666000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.101228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.101228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60043.959108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58205.689549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59255.293181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60043.959108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58205.689549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59255.293181                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 11156                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        95535                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        25872                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         121407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        10760                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        18845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    667593000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    486763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1154356000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       140252                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.101228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.134365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62043.959108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60205.689549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61255.293181                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        10760                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    646073000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1116666000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.101228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.238095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.134365                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60043.959108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58205.689549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59255.293181                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23037                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6391.723832                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              54898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            11156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.920939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    39.920228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2968.289489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3383.514116                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.002437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.181170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.206513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.390120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8522                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3884                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.520142                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           182967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          182967                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3910054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3910054                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             138818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            138818                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3159213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3159213000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3159213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3159213000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          4048872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22757.949257                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22757.949257                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22757.949257                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22757.949257                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        138818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2881577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2881577000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2881577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2881577000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20757.949257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20757.949257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20757.949257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20757.949257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     138562                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3910054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            138818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3159213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3159213000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         4048872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.034286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22757.949257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22757.949257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       138818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2881577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2881577000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20757.949257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20757.949257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.310959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4021670                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                138562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 29.024336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.310959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4187690                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4187690                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2296                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        39986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        39986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  39986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1353024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1353024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1353024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            30325000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          100729750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          688640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          517440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1206080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       688640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         688640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       146944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           146944                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            10760                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18845                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2296                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2296                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           46114305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           34650015                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               80764320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      46114305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          46114305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9840004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9840004                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9840004                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          46114305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          34650015                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              90604324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2135.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     10760.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7840.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005839752500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           124                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           124                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                43256                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                1992                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18845                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2296                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18845                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2296                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     245                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    161                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1993                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                986                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1017                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                774                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1023                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               539                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1320                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                187                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               181                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     179664250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    93000000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                528414250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9659.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28409.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     12072                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1618                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18845                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2296                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18596                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     188.702533                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    128.378034                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    212.382548                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3223     45.87%     45.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2194     31.23%     77.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          721     10.26%     87.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          295      4.20%     91.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          168      2.39%     93.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          108      1.54%     95.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           64      0.91%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           40      0.57%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          213      3.03%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7026                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      149.241935                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      75.802020                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     443.344410                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            109     87.90%     87.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           14     11.29%     99.19% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.81%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            124                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.064516                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.035692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.993818                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                56     45.16%     45.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5      4.03%     49.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                62     50.00%     99.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.81%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            124                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1190400                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    15680                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   135424                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1206080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                146944                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         79.71                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          9.07                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      80.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.69                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.62                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14911582000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      705339.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       688640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       501760                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       135424                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 46114305.271691970527                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 33600014.250006042421                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 9068575.274618977681                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        10760                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8085                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2296                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    308717250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    219697000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 328707453750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28691.19                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27173.41                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 143165267.31                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.02                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              24747240                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              13153470                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             60982740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             5522760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1178264880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3482213790                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2802007200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7566892080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         506.711738                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7248515750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    498420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7186391250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              25418400                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13510200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             71821260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             5522760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1178264880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3539758140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2753548800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7587844440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         508.114799                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7123381000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    498420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7311526000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1109066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1111492                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              55029                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             55915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1407938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1407938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1445951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1445951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1164095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1167407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.047272                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.047897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25585.382253                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25585.382253                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25859.805061                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25859.805061                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 27853                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         55029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1297882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1297882000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1334123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1334123000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23585.418597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23585.418597                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23859.840830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23859.840830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      55658                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              651285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40378                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    833711000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    833711000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          691663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.058378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20647.654663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20647.654663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    752957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    752957000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18647.704195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18647.704195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             457781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    574227000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    574227000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         472432                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031012                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39193.706914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39193.706914                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    544925000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    544925000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031012                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37193.706914                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37193.706914                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2426                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             886                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     38013000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     38013000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3312                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42904.063205                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42904.063205                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          886                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     36241000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36241000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.267512                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40904.063205                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40904.063205                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.288215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1134987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 55658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 20.392163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.288215                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          187                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1223321                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1223321                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           32523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           21957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54480                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        106295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            140253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           140253                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2027908000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    912034000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2939942000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2027908000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    912034000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2939942000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          194733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         194733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.720232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19078.112799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26857.706579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20961.704919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19078.112799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26857.706579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20961.704919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23037                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1815318000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    844120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2659438000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1815318000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    844120000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2659438000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17078.112799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24857.765475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18961.719179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17078.112799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24857.765475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18961.719179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    158152                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          32523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          21957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           140253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2027908000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    912034000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2939942000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       138818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        55915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         194733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.720232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19078.112799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26857.706579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20961.704919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       106295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       140253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1815318000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    844120000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2659438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.765715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.607315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.720232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17078.112799                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24857.765475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18961.719179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        27853                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.213186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 220306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               158152                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.393002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.066436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   298.674644                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   138.472106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.583349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.270453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          124                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               381250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              381250                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               194733                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              194732                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         27853                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       139682                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       277636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  417318                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5361088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      8884352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 14245440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           694090000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            333998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           279570000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14933327000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19424731000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 101308                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34305808                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   189415                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    39.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              491966905                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000016                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7478805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019425                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19424731000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            895089                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000016                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7478805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      932298                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           700                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      613166                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           268                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5406927                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6266                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19424720                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19424720                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4636185                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2619894                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       700370                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  94269                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         94269                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               128788                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               49951                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      109101                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7403373                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7403373                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14592788                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5968939                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      931220                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1544374                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     613154                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 30371      0.41%      0.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5826949     77.91%     78.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5114      0.07%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     29856      0.40%     78.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2403      0.03%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10184      0.14%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     78.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7628      0.10%     79.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   21938      0.29%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   9      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  48      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   3      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   923236     12.34%     91.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  574248      7.68%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                7984      0.11%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38906      0.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7478916                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   152                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       121361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        32110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          153471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       121361                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        32110                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         153471                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        12068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         9147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         21215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12068                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9147                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        21215                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    749100000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    545819000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1294919000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    749100000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    545819000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1294919000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       133429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        41257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       174686                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       133429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        41257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       174686                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.090445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.221708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.121446                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.090445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.221708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.121446                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62073.251574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59671.914289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61037.897714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62073.251574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59671.914289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61037.897714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         2836                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             2836                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        21215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        21215                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    724964000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    527525000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1252489000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    724964000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    527525000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1252489000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.090445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.221708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121446                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.090445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.221708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121446                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60073.251574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57671.914289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59037.897714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60073.251574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57671.914289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59037.897714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 13297                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       121361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        32110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         153471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        21215                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    749100000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    545819000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1294919000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       133429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        41257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       174686                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.090445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.221708                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.121446                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62073.251574                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59671.914289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61037.897714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    724964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    527525000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1252489000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.090445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.221708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.121446                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60073.251574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57671.914289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59037.897714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28390                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28390                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28390                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28390                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6929.636100                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              71721                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            13297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             5.393773                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    50.711178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3111.416383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3767.508539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.189906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.229950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.422951                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8986                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          819                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2225                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5891                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.548462                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           225359                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          225359                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5229567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5229567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5229567                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5229567                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         177360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             177360                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        177360                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            177360                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3926090000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   3926090000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3926090000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   3926090000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5406927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5406927                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5406927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5406927                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032802                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.032802                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22136.276500                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22136.276500                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22136.276500                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22136.276500                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        177360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       177360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3571370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3571370000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3571370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3571370000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20136.276500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20136.276500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20136.276500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20136.276500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     177104                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5229567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5229567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        177360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            177360                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3926090000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3926090000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5406927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5406927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.032802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22136.276500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22136.276500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       177360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       177360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3571370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3571370000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.032802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20136.276500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20136.276500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.701500                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5389664                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                177104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 30.432198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.701500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          162                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           54                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5584287                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5584287                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               21215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              21215                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         2836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        45266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        45266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  45266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1539264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1539264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1539264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            35395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          113327750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          772352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          585408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1357760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       772352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         772352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       181504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           181504                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            12068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9147                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                21215                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          2836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                2836                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           39761271                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           30137251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               69898523                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      39761271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          39761271                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9343965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9343965                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9343965                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          39761271                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          30137251                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              79242487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2496.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     12068.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8828.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006093828500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           145                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           145                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                49533                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2332                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        21215                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        2836                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      21215                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      2836                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     319                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    340                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2641                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                846                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1026                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1027                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                809                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1565                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1040                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                105                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.28                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     198959250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   104480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                590759250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9521.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28271.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13694                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1893                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  21215                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  2836                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    20892                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     145                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         7786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     192.123298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    130.110118                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    215.945133                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3529     45.32%     45.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2409     30.94%     76.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          847     10.88%     87.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          325      4.17%     91.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          189      2.43%     93.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          121      1.55%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           69      0.89%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           44      0.57%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          253      3.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          7786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          145                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      143.910345                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      73.228467                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     413.293545                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            126     86.90%     86.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           18     12.41%     99.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            145                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          145                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.082759                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.054131                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.989553                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                64     44.14%     44.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      4.14%     48.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                74     51.03%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.69%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            145                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1337344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    20416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   158528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1357760                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                181504                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         68.85                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          8.16                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      69.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.34                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.60                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.54                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19399346000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      806592.08                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       772352                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       564992                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       158528                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 39761271.340128213167                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 29086220.035685434937                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 8161142.617624923587                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        12068                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9147                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         2836                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    346615000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    244144250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 438417473750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28721.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26691.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 154590082.42                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.63                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              27082020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              14394435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             66858960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6441480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1532912160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3925675500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4153264800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9726629355                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         500.734314                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10756598750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    648440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8019692250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              28510020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15153435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             82338480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6488460                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1532912160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4130136780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3981086880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9776626215                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.308191                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10308542000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    648440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8467749000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1473362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1473362                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1476496                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1476496                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          67800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              67800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         68857                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             68857                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1682157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1682157000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1726619000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1726619000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1541162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1541162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1545353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1545353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.043993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.044557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24810.575221                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24810.575221                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25075.431692                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25075.431692                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           34452                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 34452                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         67800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        68857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1546559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1546559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1588907000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1588907000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22810.604720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22810.604720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23075.460737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23075.460737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      68600                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          877882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              877882                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         50224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             50224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1018564000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1018564000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       928106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          928106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.054115                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20280.423702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20280.423702                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        50224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    918116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    918116000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18280.423702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18280.423702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         595480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             595480                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        17576                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            17576                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    663593000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    663593000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       613056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         613056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028669                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028669                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37755.632681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37755.632681                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        17576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    628443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    628443000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028669                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028669                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35755.746472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35755.746472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3134                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3134                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1057                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     44462000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     44462000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4191                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4191                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.252207                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.252207                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42064.333018                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42064.333018                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1057                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     42348000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42348000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.252207                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252207                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40064.333018                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40064.333018                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.452795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1529350                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 68600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.293732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.452795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.997862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1614209                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1614209                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           43931                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           27599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               71530                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          43931                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          27599                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              71530                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        133429                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         41258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            174687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       133429                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        41258                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           174687                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2459541000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1063866000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3523407000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2459541000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1063866000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3523407000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       177360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          246217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       177360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         246217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.709484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.709484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18433.331585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25785.690048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20169.829466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18433.331585                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25785.690048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20169.829466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          28390                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                28390                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       174687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       174687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2192683000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    981352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3174035000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2192683000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    981352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3174035000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16433.331585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23785.738523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18169.840915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16433.331585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23785.738523                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18169.840915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    196983                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          43931                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          27599                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              71530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       133429                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        41258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           174687                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2459541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1063866000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3523407000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       177360                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68857                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         246217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.709484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18433.331585                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25785.690048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20169.829466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       133429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       174687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2192683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    981352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3174035000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.752306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.599184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16433.331585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23785.738523                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18169.840915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34452                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34452                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.626335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 279529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               196983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.419051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    71.474311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   295.315019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   143.837004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.139598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.576787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.280932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               478164                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              478164                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               246217                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              246216                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         34452                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       172165                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       354720                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  526885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6611712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11351040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 17962752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           886800000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            418477000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           344280000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19424731000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                21180661000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 103345                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34307772                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   193593                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    42.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              496191171                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4411403                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8263808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.021181                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 21180661000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            995782                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4411403                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8263808                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1030554                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           913                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      667842                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           277                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5957122                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          6374                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         21180661                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               21180660.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5175339                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2899193                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       784891                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  95533                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         95533                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               130714                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               50915                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      118408                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8185325                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8185325                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16079645                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6596799                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1029471                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1697297                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     667826                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32134      0.39%      0.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6455950     78.12%     78.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5174      0.06%     78.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     30198      0.37%     78.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2413      0.03%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       18      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    10564      0.13%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        6      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7860      0.10%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   22230      0.27%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      7      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   9      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  48      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   3      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  8      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1021235     12.36%     91.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  628842      7.61%     99.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                8236      0.10%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38984      0.47%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8263919                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   204                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       126905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        37716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          164621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       126905                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        37716                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         164621                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        12504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         9771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         22275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        12504                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9771                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        22275                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    776744000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584357000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1361101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    776744000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584357000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1361101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       186896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       186896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089693                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.205762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.119184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089693                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.205762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.119184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62119.641715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59805.239996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61104.421998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62119.641715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59805.239996                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61104.421998                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3005                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3005                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        22275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9771                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        22275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    751736000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    564815000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1316551000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    751736000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    564815000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1316551000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089693                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.205762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089693                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.205762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60119.641715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57805.239996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59104.421998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60119.641715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57805.239996                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59104.421998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 14282                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       126905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        37716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         164621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        12504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9771                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        22275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    776744000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584357000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1361101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       186896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089693                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.205762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.119184                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 62119.641715                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59805.239996                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61104.421998                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        12504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    751736000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    564815000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1316551000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.089693                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.205762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.119184                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60119.641715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57805.239996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59104.421998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32033                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7104.596576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             218929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            23409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             9.352343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    53.709589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3149.119603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3901.767383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.003278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.192207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.238145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.433630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9127                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           55                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2190                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6335                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.557068                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           242338                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          242338                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5771508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5771508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5771508                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5771508                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         185614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             185614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        185614                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            185614                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4100967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4100967000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4100967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4100967000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5957122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5957122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5957122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5957122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22094.060793                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22094.060793                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22094.060793                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22094.060793                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        185614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       185614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3729739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3729739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3729739000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3729739000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031158                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031158                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20094.060793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20094.060793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20094.060793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20094.060793                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     185358                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5771508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5771508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        185614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            185614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   4100967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4100967000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5957122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5957122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.031158                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22094.060793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22094.060793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       185614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   3729739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3729739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.031158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20094.060793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20094.060793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.809149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5957122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                185614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 32.094142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.809149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          169                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6142736                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6142736                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               22275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22275                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3005                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        47555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        47555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  47555                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1617920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1617920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1617920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            37300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          119026500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          800256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          625344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1425600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       800256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         800256                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       192320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           192320                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            12504                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             9771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                22275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3005                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3005                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           37782390                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           29524291                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               67306681                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      37782390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          37782390                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         9079981                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               9079981                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         9079981                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          37782390                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          29524291                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              76386662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2645.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     12504.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9426.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006093828500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           153                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           153                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                52219                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2462                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        22275                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3005                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      22275                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3005                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     345                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    360                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               2667                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               2765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                894                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1094                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1333                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1066                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                885                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12              1559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13              1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               900                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               244                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.27                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     210635000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   109650000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                621822500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9604.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28354.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     14218                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     1985                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.05                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  22275                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3005                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    21926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      81                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         8337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     188.269162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    128.197812                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    211.614447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          3837     46.02%     46.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2583     30.98%     77.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          881     10.57%     87.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          343      4.11%     91.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          198      2.37%     94.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          126      1.51%     95.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           71      0.85%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           44      0.53%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          254      3.05%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          8337                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          153                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      143.065359                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      74.303672                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     402.911830                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255            133     86.93%     86.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           19     12.42%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.65%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            153                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.091503                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.062882                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.989148                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                67     43.79%     43.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6      3.92%     47.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                79     51.63%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1403520                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    22080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   167360                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1425600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                192320                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         66.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      67.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       9.08                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    21180580000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      837839.40                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       800256                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       603264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       167360                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 37782390.266290552914                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 28481830.666191201657                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7901547.548492467031                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        12504                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         9771                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3005                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    359707500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    262115000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 479017849250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     28767.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26825.81                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 159406938.19                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              29124060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              15472215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             70414680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6947820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1671820800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4239510660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4563259680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10596549915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         500.293636                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11819159750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    707200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8654301250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              30437820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              16166700                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             86165520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             6702480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1671820800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4451539260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4384709280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         10647541860                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         502.701113                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11354694250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    707200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9118766750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1614482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1614482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1620802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1620802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          74626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              74626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         77483                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             77483                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1837137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1837137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1918344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1918344000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1689108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1689108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1698285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1698285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.044181                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.045624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24617.921368                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24617.921368                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24758.256650                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24758.256650                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           38702                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 38702                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         74626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1687885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1687885000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1763378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1763378000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.044181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044181                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.045624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22617.921368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22617.921368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22758.256650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22758.256650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      77227                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          965438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              965438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         55938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             55938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1151411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1151411000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1021376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1021376                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.054767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20583.699811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20583.699811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1039535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1039535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.054767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.054767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18583.699811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18583.699811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         649044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             649044                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        18688                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            18688                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    685726000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    685726000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       667732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         667732                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027987                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.027987                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36693.386130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36693.386130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        18688                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    648350000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    648350000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.027987                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.027987                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34693.386130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34693.386130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6320                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6320                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2857                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     81207000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     81207000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9177                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9177                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.311322                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.311322                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28423.871194                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28423.871194                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2857                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     75493000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75493000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.311322                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.311322                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26423.871194                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26423.871194                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.498159                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1698285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 77483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.918163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.498159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.998040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.998040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1775768                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1775768                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           46205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           29996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               76201                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          46205                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          29996                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              76201                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst        139409                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         47487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            186896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           186896                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2564053000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1182146000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   3746199000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2564053000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1182146000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   3746199000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          263097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         263097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.710369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.710369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18392.306092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24894.097332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20044.297363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18392.306092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24894.097332                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20044.297363                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          32033                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                32033                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2285235000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1087172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3372407000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2285235000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1087172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3372407000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16392.306092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22894.097332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18044.297363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16392.306092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22894.097332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18044.297363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    212089                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          46205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          29996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              76201                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           186896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2564053000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1182146000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3746199000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       185614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        77483                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         263097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.710369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18392.306092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24894.097332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20044.297363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       139409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       186896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2285235000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1087172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3372407000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.751069                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.612870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.710369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16392.306092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22894.097332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18044.297363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        38702                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.740215                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 301799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               212601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.419556                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.116626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   289.878337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   147.745252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.142806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.566169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.288565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.997539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          295                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               514400                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              514400                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               263097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              263097                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         38702                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       193668                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       371228                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  564896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7435840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side     11879296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 19315136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           928070000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               4.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            456607000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           387415000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  21180661000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
