
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3737497000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118228                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34485576                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   206395                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.51                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              439239678                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1005967                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003737                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3737497000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            175664                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1005967                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1756206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      242818                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            40                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      109650                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            50                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1318966                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           197                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3737486                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3737486                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads               790039                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              614436                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       125681                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 228755                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        228755                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               298240                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              191100                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       39256                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1632283                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1632283                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3379522                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1419325                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      242790                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        352409                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     109619                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13820      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1218945     69.41%     70.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11643      0.66%     70.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     73003      4.16%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     141      0.01%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       26      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    11254      0.64%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     75.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      382      0.02%     75.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    3927      0.22%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     75.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               23154      1.32%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                7810      0.44%     77.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 224      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              39488      2.25%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   149285      8.50%     88.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   77448      4.41%     92.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               93505      5.32%     98.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              32171      1.83%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1756226                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    16                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         1143                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         1725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            2868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1143                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1725                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           2868                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2070                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1910                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3980                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121513000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111341000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    232854000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121513000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111341000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    232854000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total         6848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total         6848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.644258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.581192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.644258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.581192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58701.932367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58293.717277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58506.030151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58701.932367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58293.717277                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58506.030151                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3980                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107521000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224894000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107521000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224894000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.644258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.581192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.644258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.581192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56701.932367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56293.717277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56506.030151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56701.932367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56293.717277                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56506.030151                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                     9                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1725                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           2868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2070                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3980                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    121513000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    111341000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    232854000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total         6848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.644258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.581192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58701.932367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58293.717277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58506.030151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    117373000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107521000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224894000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.644258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.525447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.581192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56701.932367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56293.717277                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56506.030151                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2225                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3341.777579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                 10                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                9                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.111111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1786.154000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1555.623579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.013627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.011868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.025496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3971                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.030296                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            13053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           13053                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1315265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1315265                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               3701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              3701                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185854000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    185854000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185854000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    185854000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1318966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50217.238584                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50217.238584                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50217.238584                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50217.238584                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          3701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    178452000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    178452000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48217.238584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48217.238584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48217.238584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48217.238584                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       3445                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1315265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              3701                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    185854000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    185854000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1318966                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 50217.238584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50217.238584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178452000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    178452000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 48217.238584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48217.238584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.347911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  302775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  3445                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 87.888244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.347911                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.981828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1322667                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1322667                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         7960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         7960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   7960                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       254720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       254720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  254720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21132250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          132480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          122240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       132480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         132480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2070                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3980                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           35446182                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32706381                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               68152563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      35446182                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          35446182                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          35446182                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32706381                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              68152563                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2070.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1910.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000570000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 8918                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3980                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3980                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                209                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      25656750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    19900000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                100281750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       6446.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25196.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3160                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  79.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3980                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3980                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     310.634146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    198.850099                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    303.124773                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           227     27.68%     27.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          240     29.27%     56.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          112     13.66%     70.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           61      7.44%     78.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      5.00%     83.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           25      3.05%     86.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           27      3.29%     89.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      1.83%     91.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           72      8.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           820                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  254720                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   254720                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         68.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      68.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     1468531000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      368977.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       132480                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       122240                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 35446182.297938965261                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32706380.767663490027                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2070                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1910                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     52550500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     47731250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25386.71                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24990.18                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     79.40                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3077340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1635645                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14315700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      295027200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         401288550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1097328960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1812673395                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.996615                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2848832000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    124637000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    764028000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               2777460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1476255                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             14101500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      295027200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         376066050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1118568960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1808017425                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         483.750870                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2904359000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    124637000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    708501000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               345727                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              345783                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               6648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              6665                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    221340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    221340000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    222057000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    222057000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           352375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          352448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018911                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33294.223827                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33294.223827                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33316.879220                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33316.879220                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  3521                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    208046000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    208729000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    208729000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018866                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018911                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31294.524669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31294.524669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31317.179295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31317.179295                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       6408                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              239407                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              3338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73092000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73092000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242745                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013751                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21896.944278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21896.944278                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     66416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66416000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19896.944278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19896.944278                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             106320                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3310                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    148248000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    148248000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         109630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.030192                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 44787.915408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 44787.915408                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3310                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    141630000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141630000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030192                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42788.519637                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42788.519637                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data            56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total                56                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              17                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       717000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       717000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total            73                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42176.470588                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42176.470588                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       683000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       683000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40176.470588                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40176.470588                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               248.965258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  266173                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  6408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 41.537609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   248.965258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.972521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.972521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                359112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               359112                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst             488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            3029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3517                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3517                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          3213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          3636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              6849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             6849                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154776000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    313918000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154776000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    313918000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           10366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          10366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.660718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49530.656707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42567.656766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45834.136370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49530.656707                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42567.656766                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45834.136370                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 2225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147506000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    300222000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147506000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    300222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47530.656707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40568.206821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43834.428384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47530.656707                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40568.206821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43834.428384                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8236                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst            488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           3029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             6849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    159142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154776000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    313918000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          10366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.660718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 49530.656707                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42567.656766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45834.136370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    152716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147506000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    300222000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.545536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.660718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 47530.656707                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40568.206821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43834.428384                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3521                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              498.919293                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  11218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8236                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.362069                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   109.690032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    86.910418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   302.318843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.214238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.169747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.590466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.974452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                22635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               22635                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                10366                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               10365                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          3521                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        16850                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side         7402                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       651840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       236864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   888704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            18505000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             27971000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            33320000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3737497000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7380750000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 116210                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34512192                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   214077                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.26                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              427655150                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2005601                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007381                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7380750000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            418358                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2005601                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3694675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448446                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            69                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      218980                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            73                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2594285                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           353                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7380739                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7380739                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2001511                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1301919                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       310647                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 272041                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        272041                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               357051                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              226164                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       78203                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3541298                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3541298                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7032186                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2982030                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      447966                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        666797                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     218831                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 21798      0.59%      0.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2802346     75.85%     76.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12786      0.35%     76.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81041      2.19%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     474      0.01%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      146      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    14328      0.39%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4812      0.13%     79.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   10968      0.30%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               25788      0.70%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9641      0.26%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 236      0.01%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              43167      1.17%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   339209      9.18%     91.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  184003      4.98%     96.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              108757      2.94%     99.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              34828      0.94%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3694706                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    24                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         8182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         3817                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           11999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8182                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         3817                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          11999                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3492                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2765                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6257                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207178000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    165718000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    372896000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207178000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    165718000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    372896000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18256                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18256                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.299126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.342737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.299126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420085                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.342737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59329.324170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59934.177215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59596.611795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59329.324170                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59934.177215                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59596.611795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200194000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160188000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360382000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200194000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160188000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360382000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.299126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.299126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57329.324170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57934.177215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57596.611795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57329.324170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57934.177215                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57596.611795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   346                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         3817                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          11999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    207178000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    165718000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    372896000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18256                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.299126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.342737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59329.324170                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59934.177215                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59596.611795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    200194000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    160188000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    360382000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.299126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.420085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.342737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57329.324170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57934.177215                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57596.611795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4766                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4284.655713                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.433526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2275.809044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2008.846669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.015326                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.032689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5797                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.045097                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            29279                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           29279                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2578337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2578337                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              15948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             15948                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486453000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    486453000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    486453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2594285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006147                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30502.445448                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30502.445448                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30502.445448                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30502.445448                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    454559000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    454559000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28502.570855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28502.570855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28502.570855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28502.570855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      15691                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2578337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             15948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    486453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2594285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006147                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30502.445448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30502.445448                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        15948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454559000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006147                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28502.570855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28502.570855                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.644255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2452660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 15691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                156.309987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.644255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          128                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2610232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2610232                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6257                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       400448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       400448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  400448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6257000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           33293750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          223488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          176960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              400448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       223488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         223488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             3492                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6257                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           30279850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           23975883                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               54255733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      30279850                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          30279850                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          30279850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          23975883                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              54255733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      3492.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2765.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000570000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14408                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6257                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6257                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                372                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                261                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                391                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      47087250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31285000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                164406000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7525.53                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26275.53                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4652                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6257                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6256                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     249.500312                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    168.124637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    252.355333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           506     31.53%     31.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          528     32.90%     64.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          253     15.76%     80.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          100      6.23%     86.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           56      3.49%     89.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           31      1.93%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      2.12%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           18      1.12%     95.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           79      4.92%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1605                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  400448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   400448                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         54.26                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      54.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7346399000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1174108.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       223488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       176960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 30279849.608779594302                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 23975883.209700912237                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         3492                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2765                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     90813250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     73592750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26006.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26615.82                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.35                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6097560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3240930                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23312100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      582064080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         981467040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2007709440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3603891150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.282512                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5210181750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    246220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1924348250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               5362140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2850045                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             21362880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      582064080.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         841658010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2125443360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3578740515                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.874913                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5517150250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    246220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1617379750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               652936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              653219                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              14064                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14176                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    396872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    399400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    399400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           667000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          667395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28218.998862                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28218.998862                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28174.379233                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28174.379233                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  7084                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         14064                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    368744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    368744000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    371048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    371048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021241                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26218.998862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26218.998862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26174.379233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26174.379233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      13920                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              439684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              8367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    171132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171132000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          448051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20453.209035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20453.209035                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    154398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154398000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18453.209035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18453.209035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             213252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5697                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    225740000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    225740000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         218949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.026020                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39624.363700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39624.363700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214346000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    214346000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37624.363700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37624.363700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               283                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             112                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2528000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      2528000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           395                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          112                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      2304000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2304000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.283544                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20571.428571                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.437716                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  641150                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 13920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 46.059626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.437716                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.986085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.986085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                681571                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               681571                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            4273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               11867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              11867                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          6582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18257                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351956000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    245754000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    597710000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351956000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    245754000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    597710000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           30124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          30124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.606062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30146.124197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37337.283500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32738.675576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30146.124197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37337.283500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32738.675576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4766                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    328608000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232590000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    561198000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    328608000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232590000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    561198000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28146.295503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35337.283500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30738.785124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28146.295503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35337.283500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30738.785124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     21520                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           4273                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              11867                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18257                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351956000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    245754000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    597710000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        15948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          30124                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.606062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30146.124197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37337.283500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32738.675576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18257                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    328608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    232590000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    561198000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.732067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.464306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.606062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28146.295503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35337.283500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30738.785124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7084                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.376133                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  34798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                21520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.617007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    92.265502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   169.306132                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   243.804499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.180206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.330676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.476181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          147                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                59240                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               59240                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                30124                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               30123                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          7084                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        31895                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   67331                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1020608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2381248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            79735000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             65544000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            70880000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7380750000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11156150000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  84278                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34530268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   158694                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    35.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              313402290                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000028                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011156                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11156150000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            664460                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000028                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5649001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      697620                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            87                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      342414                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            84                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3884533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           496                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11156139                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11156139                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3254303                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1920834                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       492688                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 294691                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        294691                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               386572                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              244092                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      123353                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5479530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5479530                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10799401                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4546091                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      696568                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1038730                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     342162                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 27846      0.49%      0.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4364601     77.26%     77.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    12970      0.23%     77.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81801      1.45%     79.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     634      0.01%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      258      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    16254      0.29%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.01%     79.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     8906      0.16%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   15855      0.28%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               26705      0.47%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9727      0.17%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 243      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              44129      0.78%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   579445     10.26%     91.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  306652      5.43%     97.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              117123      2.07%     99.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              35510      0.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5649037                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   246                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         6572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           22977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16405                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         6572                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          22977                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         4948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4948                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3121                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8069                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294515000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    187765000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    482280000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294515000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    187765000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    482280000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        31046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        31046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.231724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321985                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.259905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.231724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321985                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.259905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59522.029103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60161.807113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59769.488165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59522.029103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60161.807113                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59769.488165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8069                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284619000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181523000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    466142000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284619000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181523000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    466142000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.231724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321985                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.231724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321985                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57522.029103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58161.807113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57769.488165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57522.029103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58161.807113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57769.488165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   800                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         6572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          22977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8069                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294515000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    187765000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    482280000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9693                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        31046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.231724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.259905                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59522.029103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60161.807113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59769.488165                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    284619000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    181523000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    466142000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.231724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.321985                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.259905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57522.029103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58161.807113                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57769.488165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6123                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5152.408654                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.860000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  2797.717455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2354.691200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.021345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.017965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.039310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7269                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3327                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.055458                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            45238                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           45238                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3854307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3854307                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              30226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             30226                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    823888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    823888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    823888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    823888000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3884533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27257.592801                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27257.592801                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27257.592801                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27257.592801                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         30226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    763436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    763436000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    763436000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    763436000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25257.592801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25257.592801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25257.592801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25257.592801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      29970                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3854307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             30226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    823888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    823888000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3884533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27257.592801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27257.592801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    763436000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    763436000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25257.592801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25257.592801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.441472                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3584451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 29970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                119.601301                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.441472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           44                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3914759                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3914759                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8069                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8069                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16138                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       516416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       516416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  516416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8069000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           42948250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          316672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          199744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              516416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       316672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         316672                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8069                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           28385420                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17904385                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               46289804                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      28385420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          28385420                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          28385420                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17904385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              46289804                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4948.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3121.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000577500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19002                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8069                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8069                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                691                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1000                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                499                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      62105250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    40345000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                213399000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7696.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26446.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5918                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8069                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     240.104186                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    162.250451                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    244.488972                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           713     33.16%     33.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          713     33.16%     66.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          313     14.56%     80.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          134      6.23%     87.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           81      3.77%     90.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           40      1.86%     92.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      1.86%     94.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      1.16%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           91      4.23%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2150                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  516416                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   516416                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                     0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         46.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      46.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11155668000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1382534.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       316672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       199744                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 28385419.701241020113                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17904384.577116657048                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4948                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3121                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    129627250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     83771750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26197.91                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26841.32                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.34                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6647340                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3533145                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             25039980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      880164480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1138671900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3325080000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5379136845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.167849                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8633446500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    372320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2150383500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8710800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4626105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             32572680                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      880164480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1593504540                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2942063040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5461641645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.563303                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7632686250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    372320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3151143750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1019076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1019849                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              19997                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             20149                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    519490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    519490000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    522854000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    522854000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1039073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1039998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.019245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.019374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25978.396760                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25978.396760                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25949.377140                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25949.377140                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  9135                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    479498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    482558000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    482558000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23978.496775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23978.496775                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23949.476401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23949.476401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      19892                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              683540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             13155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    257286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    257286000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          696695                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19558.038769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19558.038769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    230978000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230978000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17558.190802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17558.190802                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             335536                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             6842                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    262204000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    262204000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         342378                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.019984                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38322.712657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38322.712657                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         6842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    248520000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    248520000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019984                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36322.712657                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36322.712657                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               773                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             152                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3364000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      3364000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data          925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           925                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22131.578947                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22131.578947                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3060000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3060000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20131.578947                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20131.578947                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.643244                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  997705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 19892                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 50.156093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.643244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1060146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1060146                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            8873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               19328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              19328                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         21353                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             31047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            31047                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562208000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307532000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    869740000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562208000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307532000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    869740000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           50375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          50375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.616318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26329.227743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31723.952961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28013.656714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26329.227743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31723.952961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28013.656714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6123                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519502000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288146000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    807648000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519502000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288146000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    807648000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24329.227743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29724.159274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26013.721132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24329.227743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29724.159274                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26013.721132                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     35462                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           8873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              19328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            31047                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    562208000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    307532000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    869740000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        30226                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        20149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          50375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.616318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26329.227743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31723.952961                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28013.656714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        31047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    519502000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288146000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    807648000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.706445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.481116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.616318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24329.227743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29724.159274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26013.721132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.617744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  57120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35462                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.610738                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    88.131128                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   200.906305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   218.580311                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.172131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.392395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.426915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                95484                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               95484                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                50375                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               50374                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          9135                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        49432                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        60452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  109884                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1874112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1934464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3808576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           151130000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             96050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           100740000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11156150000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15248688000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  87198                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34546832                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   165079                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              332412181                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000004                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7572625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015249                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15248688000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            871725                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000004                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7572625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      972782                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           114                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      531969                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5195180                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           716                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15248677                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15248677                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4243548                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2453170                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       635484                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 316759                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        316759                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               422078                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              261358                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      174600                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7387181                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7387181                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            14671694                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6053231                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      971489                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1503112                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     531623                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 31568      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5806730     76.68%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    13870      0.18%     77.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     81808      1.08%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     737      0.01%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.02%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    19140      0.25%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     78.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11530      0.15%     78.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   18195      0.24%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               28324      0.37%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  18      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                9762      0.13%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 251      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              45971      0.61%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  6      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   849032     11.21%     91.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  493042      6.51%     97.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              122457      1.62%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              38581      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7572662                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   344                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        29595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           39406                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        29595                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          39406                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6087                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3336                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9423                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    363259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201184000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    564443000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    363259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201184000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    564443000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        13147                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        13147                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.170590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.253746                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.192980                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.170590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.253746                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.192980                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59677.838015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60306.954436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59900.562454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59677.838015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60306.954436                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59900.562454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351085000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194512000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    545597000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351085000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194512000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    545597000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.170590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.253746                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192980                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.170590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.253746                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192980                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57677.838015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58306.954436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57900.562454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57677.838015                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58306.954436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57900.562454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1001                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        29595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          39406                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    363259000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201184000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    564443000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.170590                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.253746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.192980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59677.838015                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60306.954436                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59900.562454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    351085000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194512000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    545597000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.170590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.253746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.192980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57677.838015                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58306.954436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57900.562454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         7875                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5788.186290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1968                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.966034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3218.094536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2570.091754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.019608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.044160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8422                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          772                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2420                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5023                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.064255                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            66127                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           66127                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5144342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5144342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5144342                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5144342                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          50838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              50838                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         50838                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             50838                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1256977000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1256977000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1256977000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1256977000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5195180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5195180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.009786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.009786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24725.146544                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24725.146544                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24725.146544                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24725.146544                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         50838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50838                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1155301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1155301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1155301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1155301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22725.146544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22725.146544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22725.146544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22725.146544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      50582                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5144342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5144342                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         50838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             50838                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1256977000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1256977000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5195180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5195180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.009786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24725.146544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24725.146544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        50838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1155301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1155301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.009786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22725.146544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22725.146544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.859760                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 5175143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 50582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                102.311949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.859760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5246018                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5246018                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9423                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       603136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       603136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  603136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9428000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           50151000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          389568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          213504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              603072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       389568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         389568                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total               64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           25547641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           14001467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               39549107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      25547641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          25547641                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks            4197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                  4197                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks            4197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          25547641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          14001467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              39553305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         1.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6087.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3336.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000577500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                22763                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9423                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9423                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                542                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                443                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               623                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               534                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.22                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      73766000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    47115000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                250447250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7828.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26578.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      6916                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9423                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9421                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     240.625698                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    160.539821                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    249.142109                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           864     34.48%     34.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          814     32.48%     66.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          342     13.65%     80.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          153      6.11%     86.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           96      3.83%     90.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           44      1.76%     92.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           50      2.00%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      1.24%     95.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          112      4.47%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2506                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  603072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   603072                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                    64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         39.55                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      39.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15246066000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1617791.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       389568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       213504                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 25547640.557666338980                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 14001466.880298160017                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6087                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3336                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    160425250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     90022000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26355.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26985.01                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.39                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7739760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4113780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             29573880                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1203465120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1338219210                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4728575040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7311686790                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         479.496124                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12280302500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    509080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2459305500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10160220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5396490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             37706340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1203465120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1921294440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4237564320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7415586930                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         486.309834                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10997176000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    509080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3742432000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1476892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1476892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1477750                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1477750                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          26800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              26800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         26964                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             26964                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    648352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    648352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    651940000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1503692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1503692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1504714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1504714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24192.238806                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24192.238806                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24178.163477                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24178.163477                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11925                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11925                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         26800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        26964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    594754000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    594754000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    598014000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    598014000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017920                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22192.313433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22192.313433                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22178.237650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22178.237650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      26707                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          952694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              952694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19066                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    361548000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    361548000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       971760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          971760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18962.970733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18962.970733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    323418000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    323418000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16963.075632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16963.075632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         524198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             524198                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         7734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             7734                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    286804000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    286804000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       531932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         531932                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014539                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014539                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37083.527282                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 37083.527282                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         7734                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271336000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    271336000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014539                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014539                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35083.527282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35083.527282                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total               858                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             164                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3588000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      3588000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1022                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21878.048780                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21878.048780                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3260000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3260000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.160470                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19878.048780                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19878.048780                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.275765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1321363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 26707                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 49.476280                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.275765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          166                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1531677                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1531677                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15156                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               28972                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15156                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13816                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              28972                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         35682                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         13148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48830                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48830                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    814951000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    365423000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1180374000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    814951000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    365423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1180374000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        50838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        26964                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           77802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        50838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        26964                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          77802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701877                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.627619                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701877                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.627619                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22839.274704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27793.048372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24173.131272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22839.274704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27793.048372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24173.131272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7875                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48830                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743587000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339129000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1082716000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743587000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339129000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1082716000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701877                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627619                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701877                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627619                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20839.274704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25793.200487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22173.172230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20839.274704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25793.200487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22173.172230                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54470                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15156                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              28972                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48830                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    814951000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    365423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1180374000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        50838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        26964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          77802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.627619                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22839.274704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27793.048372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24173.131272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        35682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    743587000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339129000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1082716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.701877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.487613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.627619                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20839.274704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25793.200487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22173.172230                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11925                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11925                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11925                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11925                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.793881                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  88882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.631761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    84.607206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   220.105843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   204.080833                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.165248                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.429894                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.398595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          244                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               144709                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              144709                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                77802                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               77801                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11925                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        65852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       101676                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  167528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2488832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3253632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5742464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           254190000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            137427000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           134815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15248688000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19403379000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  95459                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34558496                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   178475                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              370444832                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9348238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019403                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19403379000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1057112                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9348238                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1236394                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      685178                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6535611                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          1479                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19403368                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19403368                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5186515                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2991917                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       765702                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 389390                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        389390                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               552091                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              323565                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      214692                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9112578                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9112578                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            18192157                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7429516                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1235102                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1919895                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     684793                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 32835      0.35%      0.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7125527     76.22%     76.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17352      0.19%     76.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82207      0.88%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2241      0.02%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    22346      0.24%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11550      0.12%     78.04% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   20641      0.22%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               43801      0.47%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  90      0.00%     78.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               10558      0.11%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 374      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              57164      0.61%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 54      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1098123     11.75%     91.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  636845      6.81%     98.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              136979      1.47%     99.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              47948      0.51%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9348275                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   344                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        49217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        14414                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           63631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        49217                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        14414                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          63631                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6922                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3404                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6922                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3404                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10326                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    413450000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205503000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    618953000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    413450000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205503000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    618953000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        56139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        73957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        56139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        73957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.191043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.139622                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.191043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.139622                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59729.846865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60371.034078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59941.216347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59729.846865                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60371.034078                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59941.216347                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6922                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3404                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198695000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    598301000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    598301000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.191043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139622                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.191043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139622                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57729.846865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58371.034078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57941.216347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57729.846865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58371.034078                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57941.216347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1030                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        49217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        14414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          63631                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6922                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3404                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    413450000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    205503000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    618953000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        56139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        73957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123301                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.191043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.139622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59729.846865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60371.034078                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59941.216347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399606000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    198695000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    598301000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.123301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.191043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.139622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57729.846865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58371.034078                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57941.216347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11694                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11694                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11694                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11694                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6487.579800                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1030                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.963107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  3750.104057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2737.475743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.028611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.020885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.049496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9296                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1973                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7146                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.070923                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            95977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           95977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6459975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6459975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6459975                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6459975                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          75636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              75636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         75636                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             75636                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1759805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1759805000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1759805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1759805000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6535611                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6535611                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.011573                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.011573                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23266.764504                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23266.764504                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23266.764504                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23266.764504                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        75636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1608535000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1608535000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1608535000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1608535000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21266.790946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21266.790946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21266.790946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21266.790946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      75379                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6459975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6459975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         75636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             75636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1759805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1759805000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6535611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6535611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.011573                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23266.764504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23266.764504                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        75636                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1608535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1608535000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.011573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21266.790946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21266.790946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.103910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6517733                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 75379                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 86.466164                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.103910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          175                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           46                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6611246                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6611246                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10326                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        20653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        20653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  20653                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       660928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       660928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  660928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10331000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           54938750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          443008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          217856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              660864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       443008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         443008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total               64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6922                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3404                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22831487                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           11227735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               34059222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22831487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22831487                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks            3298                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                  3298                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks            3298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22831487                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          11227735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              34062521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         1.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6922.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3404.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000577500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25635                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10326                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10326                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                515                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                664                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                573                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.39                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      81273000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    51630000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                274885500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7870.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26620.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7638                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.97                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10326                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10324                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     245.857143                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    162.971902                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    254.891494                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           916     34.08%     34.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          864     32.14%     66.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          370     13.76%     79.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          167      6.21%     86.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           98      3.65%     89.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           56      2.08%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           52      1.93%     93.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           32      1.19%     95.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          133      4.95%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  660864                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   660864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                    64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         34.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      34.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19384858000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1877104.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       443008                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       217856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22831487.237351804972                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 11227735.127989821136                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6922                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3404                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    182815750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     92069750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26410.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27047.52                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.96                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8403780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4466715                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             33508020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1531682880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1500198390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6187650240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9265910025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         477.541052                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16071827250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    647704000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2683847750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10788540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5734245                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             40219620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1531682880.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2072778780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5705477280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9366681345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         482.734546                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14812029500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    647704000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3943645500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1884480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1884480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1885522                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1885522                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          35802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              35802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         36013                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             36013                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    806228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    806228000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    810621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    810621000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1920282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1920282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1921535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1921535                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.018644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.018742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22519.077147                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22519.077147                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22509.121706                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22509.121706                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16492                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16492                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         35802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        36013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    734624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    734624000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    738595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    738595000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20519.077147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20519.077147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20509.121706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20509.121706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      35757                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1209427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1209427                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         25714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             25714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    477364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    477364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1235141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1235141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18564.361826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18564.361826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        25714                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    425936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    425936000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020819                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16564.361826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16564.361826                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         675053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             675053                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10088                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    328864000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    328864000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       685141                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         685141                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.014724                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32599.524187                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32599.524187                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    308688000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    308688000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30599.524187                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30599.524187                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1042                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             211                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4393000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      4393000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1253                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20819.905213                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20819.905213                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3971000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3971000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.168396                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18819.905213                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18819.905213                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.644961                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1875761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 35757                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 52.458568                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.644961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1957548                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1957548                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           19496                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           18195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               37691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          19496                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          18195                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              37691                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         56140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             73958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        56140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            73958                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1129413000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430329000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1559742000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1129413000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1559742000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        36013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        36013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.662415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494766                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.662415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20117.794799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24151.363789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21089.564347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20117.794799                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24151.363789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21089.564347                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11694                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11694                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73958                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73958                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1017135000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394693000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1411828000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1017135000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394693000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1411828000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18117.830424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22151.363789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19089.591390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18117.830424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22151.363789                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19089.591390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     82977                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          19496                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          18195                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              37691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        56140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            73958                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1129413000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    430329000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1559742000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75636                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        36013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742239                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.662415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20117.794799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24151.363789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21089.564347                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        56140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73958                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1017135000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    394693000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1411828000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.742239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.494766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.662415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18117.830424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22151.363789                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19089.591390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16492                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16492                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16492                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16492                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.480382                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 127412                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                82977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.535510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.470164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   259.619091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   171.391127                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.153262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.507069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.334748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           51                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          247                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               211630                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              211630                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111649                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111648                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16492                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        88518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       151271                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239789                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3360320                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4840640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8200960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           378175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            194109000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           180065000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19403379000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                23545882000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 105841                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34560168                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   196585                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    56.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              415338720                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000191                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11144583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.023546                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 23545882000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1247559                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000191                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11144583                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1499696                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           123                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      840330                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7875309                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2162                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         23545871                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   23545871                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6150008                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3535005                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       899788                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 453624                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        453624                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               666884                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              379012                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      255180                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10863816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10863816                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21753079                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8826716                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1498404                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2338335                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     839931                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 34067      0.31%      0.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8467016     75.97%     76.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    20820      0.19%     76.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     82795      0.74%     77.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    3746      0.03%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    25164      0.23%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11568      0.10%     77.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23219      0.21%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               57703      0.52%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 138      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11347      0.10%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 549      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              66413      0.60%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                100      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1348623     12.10%     91.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  784275      7.04%     98.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              149781      1.34%     99.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              55656      0.50%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11144620                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   344                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        68650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        19873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           88523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        68650                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        19873                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          88523                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7178                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10609                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7178                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3431                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10609                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428425000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207145000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    635570000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428425000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207145000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    635570000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        75828                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        99132                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        75828                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        99132                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.094662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.147228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.094662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.147228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59685.845639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60374.526377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59908.568197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59685.845639                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60374.526377                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59908.568197                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10609                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414069000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200283000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    614352000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414069000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200283000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    614352000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.094662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.147228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107019                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.094662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.147228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107019                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57685.845639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58374.526377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57908.568197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57685.845639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58374.526377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57908.568197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1050                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        68650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        19873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          88523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7178                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    428425000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207145000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    635570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        75828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23304                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        99132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.094662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.147228                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107019                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59685.845639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60374.526377                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59908.568197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    414069000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    200283000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    614352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.094662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.147228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57685.845639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58374.526377                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57908.568197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16182                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16182                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16182                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16182                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7016.266645                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2057                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1050                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.959048                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  4167.762633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2848.504011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.031798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.021732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.053530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9559                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         7432                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.072929                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           125923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          125923                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7775374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7775374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7775374                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7775374                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          99935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              99935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         99935                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             99935                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2217995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2217995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2217995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2217995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7875309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7875309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.012690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.012690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22194.376345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22194.376345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22194.376345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22194.376345                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         99935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99935                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2018127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2018127000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2018127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2018127000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20194.396358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20194.396358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20194.396358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20194.396358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      99678                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7775374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7775374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         99935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             99935                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2217995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2217995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7875309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7875309                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.012690                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22194.376345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22194.376345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        99935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99935                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2018127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2018127000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.012690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20194.396358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20194.396358                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.261562                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 7845897                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 99678                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 78.712424                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.261562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7975243                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7975243                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10609                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10609                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       679040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       679040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  679040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10614000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           56439000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          459392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          219584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              678976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       459392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         459392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total               64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7178                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10609                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19510503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            9325792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               28836295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19510503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19510503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks            2718                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                  2718                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks            2718                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19510503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           9325792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              28839013                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         1.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7178.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3431.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000577500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                27267                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10609                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10609                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                627                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1251                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                706                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                633                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                574                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               674                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               751                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.50                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      83159500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    53045000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                282078250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7838.58                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26588.58                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7862                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10609                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10607                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     247.170004                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    163.019612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    257.529907                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           943     34.33%     34.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          876     31.89%     66.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          374     13.61%     79.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          168      6.12%     85.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          101      3.68%     89.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           56      2.04%     91.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           55      2.00%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           33      1.20%     94.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          141      5.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2747                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  678976                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   678976                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                    64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         28.84                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      28.84                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    23162544000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2183086.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       459392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       219584                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19510502.940599124879                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 9325792.085427081212                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7178                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3431                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    189268500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     92809750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26367.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27050.35                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.10                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8518020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4527435                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             34186320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1858671360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1581691860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7709667840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11197262835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         475.550792                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  20027902500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    786240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2731739500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11095560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5897430                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             41561940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1858671360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2208891360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        7181499840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11307617490                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         480.237584                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18647916750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    786240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4111725250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2291431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2291431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2292662                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2292662                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          47084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              47084                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         47327                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             47327                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    999034000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    999034000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1003971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1003971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2338515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2338515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2339989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2339989                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.020134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.020225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21218.120805                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21218.120805                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21213.493355                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21213.493355                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           22113                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 22113                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         47084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        47327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        47327                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    904866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    904866000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    909317000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    909317000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020225                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19218.120805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19218.120805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19213.493355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19213.493355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      47071                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1464260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1464260                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         33962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             33962                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    617979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    617979000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1498222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1498222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.022668                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18196.189859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18196.189859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        33962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    550055000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    550055000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022668                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16196.189859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16196.189859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         827171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             827171                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    381055000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    381055000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       840293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         840293                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015616                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29039.399482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29039.399482                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    354811000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    354811000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015616                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27039.399482                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27039.399482                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1231                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             243                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4937000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      4937000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1474                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20316.872428                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20316.872428                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          243                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4451000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4451000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.164858                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18316.872428                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18316.872428                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.883358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2269756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 47071                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 48.219838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.883358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.995638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           78                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2387316                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2387316                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           24106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           24023                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               48129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          24106                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          24023                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              48129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         75829                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         23304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             99133                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        75829                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        23304                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            99133                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1399833000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    503235000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1903068000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1399833000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    503235000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1903068000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        99935                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        47327                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          147262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        99935                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        47327                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         147262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758783                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492404                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.673174                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758783                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492404                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.673174                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18460.391143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21594.361483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19197.119022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18460.391143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21594.361483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19197.119022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          16182                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                16182                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        99133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75829                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        99133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1248177000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    456627000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1704804000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1248177000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    456627000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1704804000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492404                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673174                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492404                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673174                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16460.417518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19594.361483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17197.139197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16460.417518                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19594.361483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17197.139197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    112175                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          24106                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          24023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              48129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        75829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        23304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            99133                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1399833000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    503235000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1903068000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        99935                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        47327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         147262                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.673174                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 18460.391143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21594.361483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19197.119022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        75829                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        99133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1248177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    456627000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1704804000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.758783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.492404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.673174                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 16460.417518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19594.361483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17197.139197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        22113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        22113                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        22113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        22113                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.923666                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 168552                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               112175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.502581                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    75.228233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   284.231779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   150.463655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.146930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.555140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.293874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          217                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          250                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               282062                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              282062                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               147262                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              147261                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         22113                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       116767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       199869                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  316636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4444160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6395776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 10839936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           499670000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            257827000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           236635000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  23545882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                27678926000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 118059                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34561356                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   217891                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    59.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              466821046                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12919250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.027679                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27678926000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1431759                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12919250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1763929                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           127                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      993119                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            94                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9211025                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                          2768                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         27678926                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   27678926                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7108148                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4091128                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1030117                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 508779                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        508779                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               763310                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              426019                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      293745                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12600362                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12600362                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25297175                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10219599                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1762634                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2755331                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     992697                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 35313      0.27%      0.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9792705     75.80%     76.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    24677      0.19%     76.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                     83341      0.65%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    5023      0.04%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                     1262      0.01%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    27538      0.21%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      378      0.00%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                    11632      0.09%     77.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25890      0.20%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               69157      0.54%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 180      0.00%     78.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               11987      0.09%     78.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 702      0.01%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              74032      0.57%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                140      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     78.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1601495     12.40%     91.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  929870      7.20%     98.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              161139      1.25%     99.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              62827      0.49%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12919288                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   344                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        86809                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        26309                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total          113118                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        86809                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        26309                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total         113118                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         7374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3569                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         10943                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7374                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3569                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        10943                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    440001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214945000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    654946000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    440001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214945000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    654946000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        94183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        29878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total       124061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        94183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        29878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total       124061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.088207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.088207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59669.243287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60225.553376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59850.680801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59669.243287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60225.553376                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59850.680801                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks            1                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total                1                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        10943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3569                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        10943                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425253000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207807000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    633060000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425253000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207807000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    633060000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57669.243287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58225.553376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57850.680801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57669.243287                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58225.553376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57850.680801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1067                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        86809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        26309                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total         113118                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7374                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3569                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        10943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    440001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    214945000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    654946000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        94183                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        29878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total       124061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.088207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59669.243287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60225.553376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59850.680801                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425253000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    207807000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    633060000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.078294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.119452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.088207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57669.243287                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58225.553376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57850.680801                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21931                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21931                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21931                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21931                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         7401.358621                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             145992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            10943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            13.341131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  4471.942402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2929.416218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.034118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.022350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.056468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         9876                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          459                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         9097                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.075348                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           156935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          156935                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9088262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9088262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9088262                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9088262                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         122763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total             122763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        122763                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total            122763                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2645574000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   2645574000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2645574000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   2645574000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9211025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9211025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.013328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.013328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21550.255370                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21550.255370                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21550.255370                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21550.255370                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total        122763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       122763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2400048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2400048000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2400048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2400048000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19550.255370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19550.255370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19550.255370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19550.255370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                     122507                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9088262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9088262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        122763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            122763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2645574000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2645574000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9211025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9211025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013328                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21550.255370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21550.255370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst       122763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       122763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   2400048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2400048000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.013328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013328                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19550.255370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19550.255370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.371826                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9211025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                122763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 75.030954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.371826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9333788                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9333788                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               10943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              10943                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty            1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        21887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        21887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  21887                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       700416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       700416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  700416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10948000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           58206250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          471936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          228416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              700352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       471936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         471936                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks           64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total               64                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3569                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                10943                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks             1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                   1                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           17050373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data            8252343                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               25302716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      17050373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          17050373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks            2312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                  2312                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks            2312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          17050373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data           8252343                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              25305028                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples         1.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7374.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3569.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000577500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                28995                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        10943                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                           1                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      10943                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                         1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                       0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                629                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                777                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1268                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                711                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                461                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               339                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               686                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               719                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        0.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      85153750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    54715000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                290335000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7781.57                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26531.57                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      8138                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  74.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  10943                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                     1                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    10941                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     249.679857                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    164.129610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    260.001945                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           959     34.19%     34.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          889     31.69%     65.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          380     13.55%     79.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          172      6.13%     85.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          106      3.78%     89.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           58      2.07%     91.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           59      2.10%     93.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           34      1.21%     94.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          148      5.28%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  700352                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                        0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   700352                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                    64                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         25.30                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      25.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    27548823000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2517253.56                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       471936                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       228416                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 17050372.546969488263                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 8252343.317078126594                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7374                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3569                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks            1                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    194318750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     96016250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26351.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26902.84                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               8632260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               4588155                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             34700400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2184430560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1660737750                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        9230191680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         13123280805                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         474.125362                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  23980171500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    924040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2774714500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11395440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6056820                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             43432620                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2184430560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2337784320                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        8660047200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         13243146960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         478.455955                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  22490539000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    924040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4264347000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2695327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2695327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2696737                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2696737                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          59973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              59973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         60273                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             60273                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1226103000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1226103000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1232107000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1232107000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2755300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2755300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2757010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2757010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.021766                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.021862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20444.249912                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20444.249912                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20442.105089                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20442.105089                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28770                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28770                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         59973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        60273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60273                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1106157000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1106157000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1111561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1111561000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18444.249912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18444.249912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18442.105089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18442.105089                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      60017                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1719024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1719024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         43195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             43195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    776128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    776128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1762219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1762219                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.024512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17968.005556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17968.005556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        43195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    689738000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    689738000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15968.005556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15968.005556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         976303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             976303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16778                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16778                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    449975000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    449975000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       993081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         993081                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.016895                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26819.346764                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26819.346764                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16778                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    416419000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    416419000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016895                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24819.346764                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24819.346764                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              1410                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             300                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6004000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      6004000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          1710                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20013.333333                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20013.333333                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          300                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5404000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5404000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.175439                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18013.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18013.333333                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               255.050096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2757010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 60273                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 45.742040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   255.050096                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.996289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996289                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          100                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2817283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2817283                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           28580                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           30395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               58975                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          28580                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          30395                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              58975                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         94183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         29878                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total            124061                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        94183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        29878                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total           124061                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1649632000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    596221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   2245853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1649632000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    596221000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   2245853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       122763                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        60273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          183036                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       122763                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        60273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         183036                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.677796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.677796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17515.177898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19955.184417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18102.812326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17515.177898                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19955.184417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18102.812326                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21931                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21931                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       124061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29878                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       124061                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1461266000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    536465000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1997731000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1461266000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    536465000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1997731000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767194                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767194                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15515.177898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17955.184417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16102.812326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15515.177898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17955.184417                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16102.812326                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    142411                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          28580                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          30395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              58975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        94183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        29878                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total           124061                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1649632000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    596221000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2245853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       122763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        60273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         183036                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767194                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.677796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 17515.177898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19955.184417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18102.812326                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        94183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        29878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       124061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1461266000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    536465000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1997731000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.767194                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.495711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.677796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 15515.177898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17955.184417                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16102.812326                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28770                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28770                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.233707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 211806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               142923                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.481959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    73.542415                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   299.889271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   136.802021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.143638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.585721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.267191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996550                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           69                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          240                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               354729                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              354729                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               183036                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              183036                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28770                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       149316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       245526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  394842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5698752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7856832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                 13555584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           613815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            326886000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           301365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  27678926000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
