
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3921148000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 113822                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34227148                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   215272                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.79                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              446284539                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000033                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003921                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3921148000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            238611                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1891410                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      245397                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            52                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      142936                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            64                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1298739                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           112                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3921137                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3921137                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1102429                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              577236                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       175136                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                   7373                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                          7373                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                11135                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5646                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       47413                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1884136                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1884136                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3636587                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1503064                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      245357                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        388279                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     142922                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  2746      0.15%      0.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1495081     79.04%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                       33      0.00%     79.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     128      0.01%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1860      0.10%     79.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      270      0.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     1290      0.07%     79.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    1614      0.09%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  34      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  1      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   243786     12.89%     92.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  142442      7.53%     99.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                1571      0.08%     99.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                480      0.03%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1891436                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    18                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         4107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         2798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total            6905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         4107                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2798                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total           6905                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         1728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          3892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2164                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         1728                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         3892                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132453000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102829000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    235282000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132453000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102829000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    235282000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        10797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        10797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.345081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.381794                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.360471                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.345081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.381794                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.360471                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61207.486137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59507.523148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60452.723535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61207.486137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59507.523148                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60452.723535                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          265                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              265                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         3892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1728                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         3892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    128125000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99373000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227498000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    128125000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99373000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227498000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.345081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.381794                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360471                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.345081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.381794                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360471                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59207.486137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57507.523148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58452.723535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59207.486137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57507.523148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58452.723535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1914                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         4107                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         2798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total           6905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2164                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         1728                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         3892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    132453000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    102829000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    235282000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        10797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.345081                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.381794                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.360471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61207.486137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59507.523148                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60452.723535                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2164                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    128125000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     99373000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    227498000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.345081                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.381794                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.360471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59207.486137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57507.523148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58452.723535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         3469                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1428.042106                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               3526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1914                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.842215                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    40.348305                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   820.345421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   567.348380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.009851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.200280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.138513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.348643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2237                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          867                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.546143                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            18417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           18417                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1288946                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1288946                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               9793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              9793                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    300259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    300259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1298739                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30660.573879                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30660.573879                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30660.573879                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30660.573879                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    280673000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    280673000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28660.573879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28660.573879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28660.573879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28660.573879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       9538                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1288946                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300259000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    300259000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1298739                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30660.573879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30660.573879                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    280673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    280673000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007540                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28660.573879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 28660.573879                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               248.123806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1101115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  9538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.445062                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   248.123806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.969234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.969234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.996094                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1308532                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1308532                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                3892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               3892                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          265                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8049                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       266048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       266048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  266048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             5217000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           20776250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          138496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          110592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              249088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       138496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         138496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        16960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            16960                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             1728                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 3892                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 265                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           35320268                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           28203985                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               63524254                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      35320268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          35320268                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         4325264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               4325264                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         4325264                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          35320268                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          28203985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              67849518                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       162.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2164.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      1632.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.005194868750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             8                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             8                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 8860                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 130                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         3892                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         265                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       3892                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       265                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      96                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    103                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                289                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                341                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                411                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                184                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                169                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  4                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 16                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                14                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      35314750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    18980000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                106489750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9303.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28053.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      2532                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      110                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 67.90                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   3892                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   265                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     3796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1292                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     194.873065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    132.605430                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    212.938497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           582     45.05%     45.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          380     29.41%     74.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          151     11.69%     86.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           65      5.03%     91.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      3.17%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           17      1.32%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           10      0.77%     96.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            4      0.31%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           42      3.25%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1292                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      455.125000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     176.951718                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     701.059492                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              4     50.00%     50.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1     12.50%     62.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1     12.50%     75.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1     12.50%     87.50% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1     12.50%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total              8                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples            8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.250000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.222267                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.035098                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 3     37.50%     37.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                 5     62.50%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total              8                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  242944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     6144                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                     8832                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   249088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 16960                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         61.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      63.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       4.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.50                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3871344000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      931283.14                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       138496                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       104448                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks         8832                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 35320268.451994158328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 26637097.095034413040                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2252401.592594821472                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2164                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         1728                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          265                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     60285000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     46204750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  78851132750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27858.13                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26738.86                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 297551444.34                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     66.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               2563260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1362405                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy              9289140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              104400                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      309163920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         432113010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1141836480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1896432615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         483.642192                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2964312250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    130780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    826055750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               6661620                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3540735                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             17814300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              615960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      309163920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         866344140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         776168160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1980308835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         505.032923                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2009113000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    130780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1781255000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               375692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              378494                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9563                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9813                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    259454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    259454000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    264717000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           385255                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          388307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.024823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.025271                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27131.025829                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27131.025829                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26976.154081                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26976.154081                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4714                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9563                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9813                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    240330000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    240330000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    245093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    245093000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25131.234968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25131.234968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24976.357893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24976.357893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9556                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              235389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6952                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    169254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    169254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          242341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.028687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24346.087457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24346.087457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    155352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    155352000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028687                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22346.375144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22346.375144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             140303                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2611                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     90200000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     90200000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         142914                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018270                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34546.150900                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34546.150900                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     84978000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84978000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018270                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32546.150900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32546.150900                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2802                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             250                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5263000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total      5263000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3052                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        21052                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        21052                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          250                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4763000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4763000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.081913                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        19052                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        19052                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               237.256813                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  381224                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9556                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 39.893679                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   237.256813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.926784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.926784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          177                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                398119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               398119                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            5286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8808                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8808                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          6271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             10798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            10798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    209648000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    158211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    367859000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    209648000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    158211000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    367859000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           19606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          19606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.550750                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33431.350662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34948.310139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 34067.327283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33431.350662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34948.310139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 34067.327283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3469                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197106000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149159000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    346265000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197106000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149159000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    346265000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31431.350662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32948.751933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32067.512502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31431.350662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32948.751933                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32067.512502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     13558                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           5286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8808                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            10798                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    209648000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    158211000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    367859000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         9793                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          19606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.550750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 33431.350662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34948.310139                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 34067.327283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        10798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    197106000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    149159000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    346265000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.640355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.461327                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.550750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31431.350662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32948.751933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32067.512502                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4714                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              494.108793                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  22559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                13558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.663888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    78.287157                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   266.877855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   148.943782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.152905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.521246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.290906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.965056                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           42                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                38390                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               38390                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                19606                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               19605                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4714                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        24339                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        19586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   43925                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       929664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       626752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1556416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            48965000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43176000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            49060000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3921148000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7634812000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117520                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34230552                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   202311                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              448564275                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000232                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3443427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007635                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7634812000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            382111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000232                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3443427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      448689                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            58                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      319526                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            68                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2597892                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           122                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7634801                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7634801                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1852858                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1171713                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       281928                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  33358                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         33358                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                58285                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes               27033                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       57029                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3413162                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3413162                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7007588                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2716839                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      448639                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        768151                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     319512                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  8006      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2637186     76.59%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     5270      0.15%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                        98      0.00%     76.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     462      0.01%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     5582      0.16%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      612      0.02%     77.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     4702      0.14%     77.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    7659      0.22%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 737      0.02%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     77.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1884      0.05%     77.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 180      0.01%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     77.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult               2745      0.08%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                179      0.01%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     77.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   443926     12.89%     90.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  317958      9.23%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                4713      0.14%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               1554      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3443453                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    21                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         5650                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           13136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5650                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7486                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          13136                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2665                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4989                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2665                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2324                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4989                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162588000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133501000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    296089000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162588000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133501000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    296089000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.320505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.275255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.320505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.275255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61008.630394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57444.492255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59348.366406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61008.630394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57444.492255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59348.366406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          744                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              744                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4989                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2665                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4989                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157258000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128853000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    286111000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157258000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128853000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    286111000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.320505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.320505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59008.630394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55444.492255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57348.366406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59008.630394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55444.492255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57348.366406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  3070                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7486                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          13136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2665                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    162588000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    133501000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    296089000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9810                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.320505                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236901                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.275255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61008.630394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57444.492255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59348.366406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    157258000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    128853000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    286111000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.320505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.275255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59008.630394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55444.492255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57348.366406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12629                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         1837.221855                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              10768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             3070                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.507492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    65.368220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   887.536048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   884.317587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.015959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.216684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.215898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.448540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         2366                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          362                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1794                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.577637                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            36190                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           36190                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2583995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2583995                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2583995                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2583995                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13897                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13897                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13897                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399433000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    399433000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399433000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    399433000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2597892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2597892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28742.390444                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28742.390444                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28742.390444                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28742.390444                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13897                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    371639000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    371639000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    371639000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    371639000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26742.390444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26742.390444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26742.390444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26742.390444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13641                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2583995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2583995                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13897                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    399433000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    399433000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2597892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2597892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28742.390444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28742.390444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    371639000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    371639000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 26742.390444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26742.390444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.940900                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2317765                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13641                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                169.911663                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.940900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2611789                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2611789                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4989                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4989                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          744                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        10722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        10722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       366912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       366912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  366912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8709000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           26567000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          170560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          148736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              319296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       170560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         170560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        47616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            47616                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2665                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2324                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4989                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 744                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22339777                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19481292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               41821069                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22339777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22339777                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         6236696                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               6236696                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         6236696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22339777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19481292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              48057765                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       468.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2665.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2087.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006866622500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            26                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            26                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                12193                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 421                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4989                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         744                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4989                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       744                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     237                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    276                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                591                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                786                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10                95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 74                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 15                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.74                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      43100000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    23760000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                132200000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9069.87                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27819.87                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3232                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      362                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 77.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4989                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   744                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4752                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      26                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     207.550281                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    139.128912                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    225.948573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           692     43.22%     43.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          454     28.36%     71.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          213     13.30%     84.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           79      4.93%     89.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           56      3.50%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           24      1.50%     94.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           14      0.87%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            7      0.44%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           62      3.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1601                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      182.076923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      64.831684                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     418.021619                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             19     73.08%     73.08% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4     15.38%     88.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      3.85%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      3.85%     96.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      3.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             26                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.076923                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.047616                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.016782                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                12     46.15%     46.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                14     53.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             26                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  304128                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    15168                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    28416                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   319296                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 47616                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         39.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      41.82                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       6.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.34                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7633972000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1331584.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       170560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       133568                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        28416                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22339777.325230795890                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17494602.355631023645                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3721899.111595674884                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2665                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2324                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          744                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     73718250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     58481750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 155710177000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27661.63                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25164.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 209287872.31                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.85                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3105900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1650825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             10959900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              370620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      602347200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         575522160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2447117760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3641074365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         476.904260                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6356356250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    254800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1023655750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8332380                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4424970                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             22969380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1947060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      602347200.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1170603870                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1945996320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3756621180                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         492.038465                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5047192000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    254800000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2332820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           739532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               739532                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          742801                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              742801                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              24941                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         25388                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             25388                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    528849000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    528849000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    549121000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    549121000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       764473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           764473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       768189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          768189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.032625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033049                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21204.001443                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21204.001443                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21629.155507                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21629.155507                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16889                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16889                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         24941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        25388                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    478967000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    478967000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    498347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    498347000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.032625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033049                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19204.001443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19204.001443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19629.234284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19629.234284                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      25131                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          425888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              425888                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375620000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    375620000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       444969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          444969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.042882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19685.551072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19685.551072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    337458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    337458000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042882                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17685.551072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17685.551072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         313644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             313644                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5860                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    153229000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    153229000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       319504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         319504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018341                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26148.293515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26148.293515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    141509000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    141509000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24148.293515                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24148.293515                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3269                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3269                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total             447                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     20272000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     20272000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120291                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.120291                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45351.230425                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45351.230425                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          447                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          447                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     19380000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     19380000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120291                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.120291                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43355.704698                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43355.704698                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.373724                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  756063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 25131                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.084875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.373724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.962397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.962397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                793576                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               793576                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           15577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               21159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              21159                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          8315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          9811                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18126                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256383000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    521736000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256383000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    521736000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           39285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          39285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.461397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.461397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31912.567649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26132.198553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28783.846408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31912.567649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26132.198553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28783.846408                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12629                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12629                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    248723000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    236763000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    485486000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    248723000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    236763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    485486000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29912.567649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24132.402405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26783.956747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29912.567649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24132.402405                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26783.956747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     29344                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          15577                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              21159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    256383000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    521736000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          39285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.461397                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31912.567649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26132.198553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28783.846408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         8315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    248723000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    236763000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    485486000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.598331                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.386442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.461397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29912.567649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24132.402405                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26783.956747                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16889                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              502.811291                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  50866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                29344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.733438                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.335569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   209.663851                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   170.811870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.238937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.409500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.333617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          233                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                86030                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               86030                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                39285                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               39284                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16889                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        67664                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27794                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   95458                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2705664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3595072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69485000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123730000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           126935000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7634812000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                12137432000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 111823                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34250136                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   198593                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    26.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              452410810                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000006                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5327912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.012137                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 12137432000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            571740                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000006                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5327912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      652226                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           136                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      459533                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           124                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3982733                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           252                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         12137421                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   12137421                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2769514                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1764629                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       422909                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 276565                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        276565                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               508184                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              238546                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       88313                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5116288                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5116288                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            10136760                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4060192                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      652058                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1111575                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     459517                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 11422      0.21%      0.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4010505     75.27%     75.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17688      0.33%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12161      0.23%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      484      0.01%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    18674      0.35%     76.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      612      0.01%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     6294      0.12%     76.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   24924      0.47%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    141      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     77.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               33653      0.63%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     77.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 372      0.01%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24481      0.46%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3131      0.06%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     78.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              49569      0.93%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2094      0.04%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   614629     11.54%     90.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  441620      8.29%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               37429      0.70%     99.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              17897      0.34%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5327955                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    48                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        13380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        11222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           24602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        13380                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        11222                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          24602                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         5652                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5879                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         11531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         5652                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5879                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        11531                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356142000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    347204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    703346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356142000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    347204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    703346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.296974                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.343781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.319127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.296974                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.343781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.319127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63011.677282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59058.343256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60996.097476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63011.677282                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59058.343256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60996.097476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         3080                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             3080                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        11531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5879                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        11531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    344838000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    680284000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    344838000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    680284000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.296974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.343781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.296974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.343781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61011.677282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57058.343256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58996.097476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61011.677282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57058.343256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58996.097476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  8739                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        13380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        11222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          24602                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         5652                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        11531                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    356142000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    347204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    703346000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        19032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36133                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.296974                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.343781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.319127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63011.677282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59058.343256                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60996.097476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         5652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    344838000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    335446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    680284000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.296974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.343781                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.319127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61011.677282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57058.343256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58996.097476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        17986                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2468.311121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              28847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.300950                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   122.197756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   890.068525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1456.044840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.029833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.217302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.355480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.602615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3810                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          331                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3061                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          380                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.930176                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            66668                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           66668                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3948234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3948234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3948234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3948234                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          34499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              34499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         34499                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             34499                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    939382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    939382000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    939382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    939382000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3982733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3982733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.008662                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.008662                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27229.253022                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27229.253022                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27229.253022                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27229.253022                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         34499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        34499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    870386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    870386000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    870386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    870386000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25229.310995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25229.310995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25229.310995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25229.310995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      34242                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3948234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3948234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         34499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             34499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    939382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    939382000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3982733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3982733                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.008662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27229.253022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27229.253022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        34499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    870386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    870386000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25229.310995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25229.310995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.446703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3944468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 34242                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                115.193855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.446703                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.990026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           39                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               4017231                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              4017231                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11531                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11531                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3080                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        26142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        26142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  26142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       935104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       935104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  935104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            26931000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           61566500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          361728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          376256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              737984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       361728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         361728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       197120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           197120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             5652                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                11531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3080                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3080                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           29802680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           30999638                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               60802318                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      29802680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          29802680                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        16240668                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              16240668                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        16240668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          29802680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          30999638                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              77042986                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      2648.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      5652.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5588.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006866622500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           153                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           153                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                28601                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                2480                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        11531                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3080                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      11531                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3080                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     291                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    432                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                697                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                707                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1726                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                764                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                594                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               603                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               621                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                111                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                208                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                138                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               156                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     111071500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    56200000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                321821500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9881.81                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28631.81                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      7518                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     2083                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  66.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 78.66                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  11531                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3080                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      89                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     153                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     208.060038                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    138.649800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    227.519146                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1818     42.64%     42.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1318     30.91%     73.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          424      9.94%     83.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          241      5.65%     89.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          141      3.31%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          105      2.46%     94.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           42      0.98%     95.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           31      0.73%     96.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          144      3.38%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4264                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          153                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       72.967320                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      37.030356                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     203.976212                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            139     90.85%     90.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           10      6.54%     97.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.65%     98.04% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.65%     98.69% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.65%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.65%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            153                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.169935                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.141100                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.992013                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                63     41.18%     41.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      1.31%     42.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                87     56.86%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 1      0.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            153                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  719360                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    18624                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   168128                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   737984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                197120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         59.27                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         13.85                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      60.80                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.57                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.46                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    12137026000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      830677.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       361728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       357632                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       168128                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 29802679.841996230185                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 29465211.421987779438                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 13852024.052534341812                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         5652                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5879                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3080                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    167557250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    154264250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 256424624750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29645.66                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26239.88                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  83254748.30                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.13                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11102700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5901225                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             33315240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             6310980                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      957609120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1585630560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3325506240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5925376065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.190258                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8630263000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    405080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3102089000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19356540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10280655                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             46938360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             7401960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      957609120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2603795340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2468104320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          6113486295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         503.688613                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6390624500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    405080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5341727500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1057267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1057267                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1065637                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1065637                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          44616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              44616                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         46079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             46079                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    998547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    998547000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1095451000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1095451000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1101883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1101883                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1111716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1111716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.041449                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22380.917160                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22380.917160                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23773.324074                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23773.324074                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           28022                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 28022                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        44616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         44616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        46079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    909315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    909315000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1003293000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1003293000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040491                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.041449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.041449                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20380.917160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20380.917160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21773.324074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21773.324074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      45823                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          612091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              612091                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    606671000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    606671000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       642389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          642389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20023.466896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20023.466896                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    546075000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    546075000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047165                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18023.466896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18023.466896                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         445176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             445176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        14318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            14318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    391876000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    391876000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       459494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         459494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.031160                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27369.465009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27369.465009                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        14318                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    363240000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    363240000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031160                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25369.465009                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25369.465009                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96904000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96904000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93978000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93978000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.944781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1031470                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 45823                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.509875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.944781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.976347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.976347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1157795                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1157795                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           15466                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           28978                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               44444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          15466                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          28978                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              44444                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         19033                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         17101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36134                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36134                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    592254000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    557759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1150013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    592254000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    557759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1150013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           80578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          80578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.448435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.448435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31117.217464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32615.578036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 31826.340842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31117.217464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32615.578036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 31826.340842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          17986                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                17986                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    554190000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523557000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1077747000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    554190000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523557000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1077747000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29117.322545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30615.578036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29826.396192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29117.322545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30615.578036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29826.396192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     50421                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          15466                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          28978                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              44444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36134                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    592254000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    557759000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1150013000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        34499                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        46079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          80578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.448435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 31117.217464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32615.578036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31826.340842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        17101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36134                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    554190000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    523557000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1077747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.551697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.371124                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.448435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 29117.322545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30615.578036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29826.396192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        28022                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.220024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 105343                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                50421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.089268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   109.686299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   198.757839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   197.775886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.214231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.388199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.386281                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.988711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          149                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               159533                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              159533                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                80578                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               80577                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         28022                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       120180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        68997                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  189177                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4742464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2207872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6950336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           172490000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            220688000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           230395000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  12137432000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15963138000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120140                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34254440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   218135                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    33.30                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              479428489                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000167                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       7263046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015963                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15963138000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            828573                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000167                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       7263046                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      851781                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      568445                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           141                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5274550                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15963127                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15963127                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3946915                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2363842                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       597660                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      141402                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7039678                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7039678                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13807393                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5614811                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      851522                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1419951                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     568429                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13031      0.18%      0.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5627115     77.48%     77.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.24%     77.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     77.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.17%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     78.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     78.08% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.28%     78.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.01%     78.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.10%     78.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.35%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     78.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     78.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.50%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     79.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.34%     79.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.04%     79.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.71%     80.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.03%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   810335     11.16%     91.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  548815      7.56%     99.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.57%     99.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.27%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    7263095                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        15669                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           31917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16248                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        15669                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          31917                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        10210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         16939                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6729                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10210                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        16939                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    604630000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1029326000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424696000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    604630000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1029326000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        25879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48856                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        25879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48856                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.292858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.394528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.346713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.292858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.394528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.346713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63114.281468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59219.392752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60766.633213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63114.281468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59219.392752                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60766.633213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         5355                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             5355                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        16939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        16939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584210000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    995448000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584210000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    995448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.292858                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.394528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.292858                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.394528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61114.281468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57219.392752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58766.633213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61114.281468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57219.392752                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58766.633213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 14724                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        15669                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          31917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6729                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        16939                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    424696000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    604630000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1029326000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        25879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.292858                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.394528                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.346713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63114.281468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59219.392752                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60766.633213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    584210000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    995448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.292858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.394528                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346713                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61114.281468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57219.392752                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58766.633213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        21550                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2803.270227                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              50813                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            14724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.451032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   161.229013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   912.372220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1729.668994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.039363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.222747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.422282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.684392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          495                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2713                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          702                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.954834                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            89041                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           89041                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5233214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5233214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5233214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5233214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41336                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41336                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1124324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1124324000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1124324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1124324000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5274550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5274550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5274550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5274550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007837                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007837                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27199.632282                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27199.632282                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27199.632282                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27199.632282                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1041652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1041652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1041652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1041652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25199.632282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25199.632282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25199.632282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25199.632282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41080                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5233214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5233214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41336                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1124324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1124324000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5274550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5274550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27199.632282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27199.632282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1041652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1041652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007837                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25199.632282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25199.632282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.058623                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4266693                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41080                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                103.863023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.058623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5315886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5315886                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               16939                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              16939                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         5355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        39233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        39233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  39233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1426816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1426816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1426816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            43714000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           90326750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          430656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          653440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1084096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       430656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         430656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       342720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           342720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6729                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                16939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          5355                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                5355                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           26978154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           40934308                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               67912462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      26978154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          26978154                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        21469463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              21469463                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        21469463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          26978154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          40934308                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              89381925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      4873.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6729.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      9861.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006866622500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           278                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           278                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                42530                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                4592                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        16939                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        5355                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      16939                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      5355                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     349                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    482                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1052                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                937                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1028                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               928                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                305                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               254                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.59                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     157134750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    82950000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                468197250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9471.65                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28221.65                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     11522                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     3988                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.45                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  16939                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  5355                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    16590                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     280                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     279                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     278                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     231.364694                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    150.278401                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    252.875656                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2304     38.85%     38.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1863     31.41%     70.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          628     10.59%     80.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          346      5.83%     86.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          208      3.51%     90.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          147      2.48%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           79      1.33%     94.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           66      1.11%     95.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          290      4.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5931                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       59.003597                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      34.055384                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     155.761794                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            257     92.45%     92.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           13      4.68%     97.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.44%     98.56% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      0.36%     98.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.36%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.36%     99.64% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.36%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            278                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.453237                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.429250                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.901046                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                76     27.34%     27.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 2      0.72%     28.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               198     71.22%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            278                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1061760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    22336                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   310528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1084096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                342720                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         66.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      67.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      21.47                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.52                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15961983000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      715976.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       430656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       631104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       310528                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 26978154.295226912946                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 39535083.891400292516                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19452816.858439736068                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6729                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10210                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         5355                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    200164750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    268032500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 339344431750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29746.58                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26251.96                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  63369641.78                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              16857540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               8959995                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             52293360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            13373640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1260012000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2397354450                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4111020480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7859871465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.376340                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10663081500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    533000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4767056500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              25496940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              13548150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             66159240                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            11953800                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1260012000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3620636580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3080888160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          8078694870                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.084385                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7972801250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    533000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7457336750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1353757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1353757                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1362127                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1362127                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          56587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              56587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         58050                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             58050                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1462098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1462098000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1559002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1559002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1410344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1410344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1420177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1420177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.040123                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.040875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25838.054677                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25838.054677                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26856.192937                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26856.192937                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           32734                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 32734                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        56587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         56587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58050                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1348926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1348926000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1442904000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1442904000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23838.090021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23838.090021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24856.227390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24856.227390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      57793                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          801610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              801610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         40334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             40334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    996982000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    996982000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       841944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          841944                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24718.153419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24718.153419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        40334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    916316000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    916316000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047906                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22718.203005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22718.203005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         552147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             552147                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16253                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    465116000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    465116000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       568400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         568400                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.028594                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28617.239894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28617.239894                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    432610000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    432610000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.028594                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.028594                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26617.239894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26617.239894                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96904000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96904000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93978000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93978000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.395967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1410949                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 57793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 24.413839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.395967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.982015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.982015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           49                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          185                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1478226                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1478226                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           32170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               50529                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          32170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              50529                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         25880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48857                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    709939000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    920637000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1630576000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    709939000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    920637000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1630576000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           99386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          99386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.491588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.491588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30897.810854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35573.299845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33374.460159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30897.810854                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35573.299845                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33374.460159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          21550                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                21550                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    663985000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    868879000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532864000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    663985000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    868879000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532864000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28897.810854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33573.377125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31374.501095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28897.810854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33573.377125                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31374.501095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     65432                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          32170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              50529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    709939000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    920637000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1630576000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        58050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          99386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.491588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30897.810854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35573.299845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33374.460159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        25880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    663985000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    868879000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1532864000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.445823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.491588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28897.810854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33573.377125                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31374.501095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        32734                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.605246                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 131429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                65432                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 2.008635                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    99.057072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   172.127276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   236.420898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.193471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.336186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.461760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          461                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               198064                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              198064                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                99386                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               99385                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         32734                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       148833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  231505                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5810112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2645504                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8455616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            263056000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           290245000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15963138000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                19392699000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 121416                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34254440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   222386                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    41.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              470908551                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000074                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       9158149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.019393                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 19392699000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1055533                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000074                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       9158149                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1043960                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      678726                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6539958                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         19392688                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   19392688                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4907549                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2917794                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       721413                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      204744                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8934782                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8934782                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            17612519                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7172674                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1043701                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1722411                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     678710                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13032      0.14%      0.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7219759     78.83%     78.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.19%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     79.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.14%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     79.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.22%     79.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.01%     79.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.08%     79.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.28%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.39%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     80.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.27%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.03%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.56%     81.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1002514     10.95%     92.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  659096      7.20%     99.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.45%     99.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    9158200                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        20900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           37148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16248                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        20900                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          37148                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6736                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         19426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6736                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12690                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        19426                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425102000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    754884000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1179986000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425102000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    754884000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1179986000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        33590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        56574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        33590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        56574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.343373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.343373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63108.966746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59486.524823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60742.612993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63108.966746                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59486.524823                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60742.612993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         6381                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             6381                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        19426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6736                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        19426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411630000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    729504000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1141134000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411630000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    729504000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1141134000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61108.966746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57486.524823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58742.612993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61108.966746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57486.524823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58742.612993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 17703                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        20900                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          37148                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        19426                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425102000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    754884000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1179986000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        33590                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        56574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293073                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.343373                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63108.966746                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59486.524823                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60742.612993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    729504000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1141134000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293073                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.377791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343373                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61108.966746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57486.524823                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58742.612993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23251                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2999.406750                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              55814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            17703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.152799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   178.723296                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   888.780842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1931.902612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.043634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.216988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.471656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.732277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           80                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          291                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2311                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.955322                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           101441                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          101441                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6498615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6498615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6498615                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6498615                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41343                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41343                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1124852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1124852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1124852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1124852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6539958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6539958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6539958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6539958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.006322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.006322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27207.798176                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27207.798176                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27207.798176                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27207.798176                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042166000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25207.798176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25207.798176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25207.798176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25207.798176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41087                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6498615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6498615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41343                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1124852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1124852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6539958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6539958                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.006322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27207.798176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27207.798176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042166000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042166000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25207.798176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25207.798176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.401952                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4266983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41087                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                103.852386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.401952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.993758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6581301                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6581301                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               19426                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19426                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        45233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        45233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  45233                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1651648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1651648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1651648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            51331000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          103544250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          431104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          812160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1243264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       431104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         431104                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       408384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           408384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6736                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                19426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6381                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           22230222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           41879679                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               64109900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      22230222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          22230222                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        21058647                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              21058647                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        21058647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          22230222                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          41879679                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              85168547                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5897.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6736.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12225.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006866622500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           335                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           335                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                49168                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5562                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        19426                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6381                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      19426                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6381                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     465                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    484                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                437                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.76                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     181645000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    94805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                537163750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9579.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28329.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13177                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4889                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.91                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  19426                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6381                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    18961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     258                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     337                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     335                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     234.836879                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    152.029210                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    255.985757                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2576     38.06%     38.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2176     32.15%     70.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          674      9.96%     80.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          393      5.81%     85.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          252      3.72%     89.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          188      2.78%     92.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           96      1.42%     93.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           74      1.09%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          339      5.01%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       56.531343                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      33.284347                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     144.854102                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            310     92.54%     92.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16      4.78%     97.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.19%     98.51% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.60%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.30%     99.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.30%     99.70% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.30%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            335                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.531343                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.509762                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.853701                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                78     23.28%     23.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.90%     24.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               252     75.22%     99.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.60%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            335                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1213504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    29760                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   375872                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1243264                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                408384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         62.58                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         19.38                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      64.11                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      21.06                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.15                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    19392119000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      751428.64                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       431104                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       782400                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       375872                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 22230221.796357486397                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 40345080.383086442947                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 19382139.639252897352                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6736                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12690                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6381                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    200337250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    336826500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 429398480500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29741.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26542.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  67293289.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.68                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19120920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10163010                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             58812180                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            15581700                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1530453600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2965166220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4949814720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9549112350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.407599                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12837656250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    647400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5907642750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              29202600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15521550                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             76569360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15075360                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1530453600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4459658910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        3691294560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9817775940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         506.261451                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9551565500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    647400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9193733500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1647203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1647203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1655573                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1655573                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          65599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              65599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         67062                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             67062                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1773425000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1773425000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1870329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1870329000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1712802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1712802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1722635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1722635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.038299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.038930                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27034.329792                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27034.329792                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27889.549969                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27889.549969                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           34776                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 34776                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        65599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         65599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        67062                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1642229000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1642229000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1736207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1736207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038930                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25034.360280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25034.360280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25889.579792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25889.579792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      66805                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          985172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              985172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         48951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             48951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1289077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1289077000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1034123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1034123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.047336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26334.027905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26334.027905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        48951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1191177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1191177000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.047336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047336                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24334.068763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24334.068763                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         662031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             662031                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16648                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    484348000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    484348000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       678679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         678679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.024530                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29093.464680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29093.464680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16648                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    451052000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    451052000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.024530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27093.464680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27093.464680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96904000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96904000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93978000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93978000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.210181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1714236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 66805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.660295                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.210181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           81                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1789696                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1789696                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           33471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               51830                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          33471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              51830                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22984                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         33591                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             56575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            56575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    710422000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1166174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1876596000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    710422000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1166174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1876596000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          108405                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         108405                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.521886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.521886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30909.415245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34716.858682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33170.057446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30909.415245                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34716.858682                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33170.057446                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23251                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23251                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    664454000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1098994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1763448000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    664454000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1098994000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1763448000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28909.415245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32716.918222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31170.092797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28909.415245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32716.918222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31170.092797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     74151                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          33471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              51830                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            56575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    710422000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1166174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1876596000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        67062                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         108405                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.521886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30909.415245                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34716.858682                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33170.057446                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        33591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    664454000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1098994000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1763448000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555934                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.500895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28909.415245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 32716.918222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31170.092797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        34776                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.382449                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 142484                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                74151                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.921538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    90.523770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   141.721929                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   276.136751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.176804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.276801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.539330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          150                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               217844                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              217844                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               108405                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              108404                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         34776                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       168899                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  251585                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6517568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2645952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9163520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206715000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            282285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           335305000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  19392699000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22601335000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 125386                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34254440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   230253                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    47.87                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              472142381                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000133                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      11022154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022601                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22601335000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1277037                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000133                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      11022154                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1239023                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      786466                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7811982                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22601324                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22601324                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5869655                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3457228                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       841895                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      269436                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              10798786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     10798786                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            21397866                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            8707434                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1238764                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2025214                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     786450                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13033      0.12%      0.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   8780960     79.67%     79.78% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.16%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     79.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.11%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.19%     80.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.01%     80.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.06%     80.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.23%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.33%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     80.89% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.22%     81.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.03%     81.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.47%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1197577     10.87%     92.49% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  766836      6.96%     99.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.37%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.18%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   11022205                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        22606                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           38854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16248                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        22606                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          38854                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        12839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         19576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6737                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        12839                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        19576                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425168000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    763746000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1188914000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425168000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    763746000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1188914000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        35445                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        58430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        35445                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        58430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.362223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.335033                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.362223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.335033                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63109.395874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59486.408599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60733.244790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63109.395874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59486.408599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60733.244790                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         6473                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             6473                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        19576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12839                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        19576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    738068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1149762000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    738068000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1149762000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.362223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.362223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61109.395874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57486.408599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58733.244790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61109.395874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57486.408599                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58733.244790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 17930                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        22606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          38854                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12839                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        19576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425168000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    763746000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1188914000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        35445                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        58430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.362223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.335033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63109.395874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59486.408599                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60733.244790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411694000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    738068000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1149762000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.362223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.335033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61109.395874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57486.408599                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58733.244790                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        23687                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3129.106531                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              56195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            17930                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.134133                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   193.239681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   873.053656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2062.813194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.047178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.213148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.503617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.763942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2358                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1551                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.955322                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           103960                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          103960                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7770638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7770638                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7770638                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7770638                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1124935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1124935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1124935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1124935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7811982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7811982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7811982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7811982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27209.147639                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27209.147639                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27209.147639                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27209.147639                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25209.147639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25209.147639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25209.147639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25209.147639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41088                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7770638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7770638                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1124935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1124935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7811982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7811982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005292                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27209.147639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27209.147639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25209.147639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25209.147639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.628821                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4267063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41088                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                103.851806                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.628821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7853326                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7853326                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               19576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19576                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6473                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        45625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        45625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  45625                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1667136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1667136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1667136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            51941000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          104343750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          431168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          821696                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1252864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       431168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         431168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       414272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           414272                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            12839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                19576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6473                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           19077103                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           36356083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               55433186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      19077103                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          19077103                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        18329537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              18329537                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        18329537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          19077103                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          36356083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              73762722                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      5977.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6737.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12355.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006866622500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           339                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           339                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                50346                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5630                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        19576                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6473                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      19576                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6473                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     484                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    496                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1560                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1175                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1361                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               511                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.96                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     183307250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    95460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                541282250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9601.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28351.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13245                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     4951                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  19576                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6473                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    19092                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     259                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     340                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     339                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     234.230083                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    151.553758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    255.610768                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2622     38.33%     38.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2188     31.98%     70.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          676      9.88%     80.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          397      5.80%     86.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          256      3.74%     89.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          191      2.79%     92.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           96      1.40%     93.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           75      1.10%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          340      4.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6841                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          339                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       56.147493                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      33.140669                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     144.039510                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            314     92.63%     92.63% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16      4.72%     97.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.18%     98.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.59%     99.12% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.29%     99.41% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            339                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          339                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.536873                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.515468                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.850146                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                78     23.01%     23.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.88%     23.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               256     75.52%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.59%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            339                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1221888                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    30976                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   380480                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1252864                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                414272                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         54.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         16.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      55.43                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      18.33                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22540062000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      865294.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       431168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       790720                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       380480                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 19077103.188816059381                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 34985543.995520621538                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 16834403.808447599411                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6737                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        12839                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6473                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    200369750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    340912500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 435479148500                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29741.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26552.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  67276247.26                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.58                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19413660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10318605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             59290560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            15727860                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1783685280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3076356120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6088296960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         11053089045                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.045848                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15796309250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    754520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6050505750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              29431080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15642990                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             77026320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15305040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1783685280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4563679920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4835813760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11320584390                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         500.881226                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12526064750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    754520000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9320750250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1946705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1946705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1955075                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1955075                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          68900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              68900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         70363                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             70363                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1838924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1838924000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1935828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1935828000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2015605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2015605                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2025438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2025438                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.034183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.034740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26689.753266                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26689.753266                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27512.016259                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27512.016259                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           35637                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 35637                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         68900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1701126000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1701126000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1795104000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1795104000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.034740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034740                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24689.782293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24689.782293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25512.044683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25512.044683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      70106                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1176992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1176992                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         52194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             52194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1353706000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1353706000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1229186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1229186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.042462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25936.046289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25936.046289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1249320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1249320000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042462                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23936.084607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23936.084607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         769713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             769713                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16706                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    485218000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    485218000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       786419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         786419                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.021243                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29044.534898                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29044.534898                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16706                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    451806000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    451806000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.021243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.021243                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27044.534898                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27044.534898                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96904000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96904000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93978000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93978000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.748209                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1897829                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 70106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.070850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.748209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          110                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2095800                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2095800                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           34917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               53276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          34917                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              53276                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         35446                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             58431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            58431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    710499000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1198853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1909352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    710499000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1198853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1909352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.523074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.523074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30911.420492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33821.954522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32677.037874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30911.420492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33821.954522                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32677.037874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          23687                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                23687                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    664529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1127963000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1792492000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    664529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1127963000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1792492000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28911.420492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31822.010946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30677.072102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28911.420492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31822.010946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30677.072102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     76343                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          34917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              53276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            58431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    710499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1198853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1909352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        70363                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.523074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30911.420492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33821.954522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32677.037874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        35446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    664529000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1127963000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1792492000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.503759                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28911.420492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31822.010946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30677.072102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        35637                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.896021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 145769                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                76343                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.909396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    90.522834                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   121.724124                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   296.649063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.176802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.237742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.579393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          121                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               224199                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              224199                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111707                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111706                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         35637                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       176362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  259050                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6783936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2646016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9429952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            289892000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           351810000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22601335000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                25808178000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 129639                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34254440                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   238629                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    54.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              477963029                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12885057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.025808                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 25808178000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1498567                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12885057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1434060                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           224                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      893996                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           145                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     9083504                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           336                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         25808178                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   25808178                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6832695                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3996900                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       962454                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 292530                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        292530                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               534881                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              252079                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      334090                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              12661689                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     12661689                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            25181068                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           10241277                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1433802                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2327782                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     893980                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 13033      0.10%      0.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10341295     80.26%     80.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    17751      0.14%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       175      0.00%     80.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                   12512      0.10%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                      650      0.01%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                    20403      0.16%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                      636      0.00%     80.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                     7012      0.05%     80.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   25722      0.20%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                    180      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               35956      0.28%     81.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 694      0.01%     81.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               24757      0.19%     81.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                3154      0.02%     81.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult              51288      0.40%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt               2108      0.02%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1392615     10.81%     92.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  874366      6.79%     99.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               41187      0.32%     99.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              19614      0.15%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12885108                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    60                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        16248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        24122                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           40370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        16248                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        24122                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          40370                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         6737                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data        13018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total         19755                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         6737                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data        13018                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total        19755                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425168000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    775938000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total   1201106000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425168000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    775938000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total   1201106000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        60125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        60125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350512                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.328565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350512                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.328565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63109.395874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59605.008450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60800.101240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63109.395874                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59605.008450                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60800.101240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks         6612                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total             6612                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total        19755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6737                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total        19755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411694000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749902000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1161596000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411694000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749902000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1161596000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350512                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328565                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350512                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328565                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61109.395874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57605.008450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58800.101240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61109.395874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57605.008450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58800.101240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                 18179                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        16248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        24122                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          40370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         6737                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total        19755                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    425168000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    775938000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1201106000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        60125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293104                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.328565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63109.395874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59605.008450                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60800.101240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    411694000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    749902000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1161596000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.293104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.350512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328565                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 61109.395874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57605.008450                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58800.101240                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        24418                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3226.510667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs              84543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs            22092                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.826860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   203.910698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   861.242588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2161.357382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.049783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.210264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.527675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.787722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3913                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          598                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.955322                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           106635                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          106635                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          9042160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              9042160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         9042160                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             9042160                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              41344                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             41344                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1124935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1124935000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1124935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1124935000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      9083504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          9083504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      9083504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         9083504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004552                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004552                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27209.147639                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27209.147639                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27209.147639                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27209.147639                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         41344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042247000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042247000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25209.147639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25209.147639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25209.147639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25209.147639                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      41088                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         9042160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             9042160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             41344                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1124935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1124935000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      9083504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         9083504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004552                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 27209.147639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27209.147639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1042247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1042247000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25209.147639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25209.147639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.799200                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 9083504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 41344                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                219.705495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.799200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               9124848                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              9124848                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               19755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              19755                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6612                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        46122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        46122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  46122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1687488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total      1687488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1687488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            52815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          105308500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          431168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          833152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1264320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       431168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         431168                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       423168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           423168                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             6737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            13018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                19755                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6612                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6612                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16706642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           32282480                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               48989123                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16706642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16706642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        16396663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              16396663                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        16396663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16706642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          32282480                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              65385786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      6101.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      6737.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples     12529.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.008928758500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds           346                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds           346                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                51656                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                5749                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        19755                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6612                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      19755                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6612                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     489                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    511                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0               1409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1               1659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2               1249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                979                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               2058                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5               1045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1559                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7               1003                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8               1047                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9               1115                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               799                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14              1670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1362                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                485                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                487                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               231                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               202                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15               421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     186310000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    96330000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                547547500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9670.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28420.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13310                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                     5064                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  69.09                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 83.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  19755                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6612                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    19266                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                     266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                     269                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                     347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                     347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                     348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                     347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                     347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                     347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                     347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                     347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                     347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                     347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                     348                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                     347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                     347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                     346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         6963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     232.883527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    150.623998                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    255.052074                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2691     38.65%     38.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         2225     31.95%     70.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          682      9.79%     80.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          399      5.73%     86.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          257      3.69%     89.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          191      2.74%     92.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           99      1.42%     93.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           75      1.08%     95.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          344      4.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          6963                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples          346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean       55.621387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      33.015246                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     142.635518                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127            321     92.77%     92.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255           16      4.62%     97.40% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-383            4      1.16%     98.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            2      0.58%     99.13% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::640-767            1      0.29%     99.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1152-1279            1      0.29%     99.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2048-2175            1      0.29%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total            346                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples          346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.546243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.525140                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.844007                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                78     22.54%     22.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 3      0.87%     23.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18               263     76.01%     99.42% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::19                 2      0.58%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total            346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1233024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    31296                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                   388544                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1264320                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                423168                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         47.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         15.06                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      48.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      16.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.49                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.37                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.12                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    25776310000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      977597.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       431168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       801856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks       388544                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16706642.367392227054                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 31069841.505277898163                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 15055072.853263797238                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         6737                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        13018                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6612                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    200369750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    347177750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 600002985000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     29741.69                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26669.05                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  90744553.09                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     72.43                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              19442220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy              10333785                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             59297700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy            15853140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2036916960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3129236160                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        7275194400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12546274365                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         486.135610                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  18881479500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    861640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   6065058500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              30273600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              16090800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             78261540                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy            15837480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2036916960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4797560610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5870289600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12845230590                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         497.719389                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  15212902500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    861640000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9733635500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2246192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2246192                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2254562                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2254562                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          71980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              71980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         73443                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             73443                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1903762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1903762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2000666000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2000666000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2318172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2318172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2328005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2328005                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031050                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26448.485690                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26448.485690                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27241.071307                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27241.071307                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           36515                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 36515                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        71980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         71980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73443                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1759802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1759802000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1853780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1853780000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031050                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24448.485690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24448.485690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25241.071307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25241.071307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      73187                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1369079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1369079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         55144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             55144                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1416570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1416570000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1424223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1424223                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.038719                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25688.560859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25688.560859                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        55144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1306282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1306282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23688.560859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23688.560859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         877113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             877113                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        16836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            16836                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    487192000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    487192000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       893949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         893949                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.018833                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28937.514849                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28937.514849                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        16836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        16836                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    453520000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453520000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018833                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26937.514849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26937.514849                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              8370                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            1463                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     96904000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     96904000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          9833                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 66236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1463                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     93978000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93978000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.148785                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 64236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64236.500342                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.152267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2328005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 73443                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.698120                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.152267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.988876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.988876                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          101                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2401448                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2401448                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst           18359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           36303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               54662                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          36303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              54662                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         22985                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         37140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             60125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            60125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    710499000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1232722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1943221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    710499000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1232722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1943221000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          114787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         114787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.523796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.523796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30911.420492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33191.222402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32319.683992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30911.420492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33191.222402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32319.683992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          24418                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                24418                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        60125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        60125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    664529000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1158442000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1822971000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    664529000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1158442000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1822971000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28911.420492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31191.222402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30319.683992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28911.420492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31191.222402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30319.683992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     78642                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst          18359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          36303                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              54662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            60125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    710499000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1232722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1943221000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        41344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        73443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         114787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.523796                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 30911.420492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33191.222402                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 32319.683992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        22985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        37140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        60125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    664529000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1158442000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1822971000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.555945                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.505698                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.523796                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 28911.420492                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31191.222402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30319.683992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        36515                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.281712                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 151302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                79154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.911489                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    89.270429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   106.636272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   313.375011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.174356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.208274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.612061                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           57                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          315                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230456                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230456                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               114787                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              114787                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         36515                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       183401                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        82688                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  266089                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      7037312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2646016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  9683328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           206720000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            297362000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           367215000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  25808178000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
