
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4143759000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 120204                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34295948                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   268352                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     8.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              498079119                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2232530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004144                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4143759000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            216962                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2232530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      263485                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           105                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       79584                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1370173                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           419                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4143748                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4143748                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1518798                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              547151                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       156490                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 500168                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        500168                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               894107                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              456038                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       31544                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1832042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1832042                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3506430                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1456919                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      263330                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        342902                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      79572                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38784      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1545608     69.23%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      327      0.01%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       861      0.04%     71.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1833      0.08%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    18912      0.85%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   138067      6.18%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       36      0.00%     78.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   115436      5.17%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23832      1.07%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4878      0.22%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 152      0.01%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 725      0.03%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 104      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                104      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   166961      7.48%     92.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   56348      2.52%     94.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               96369      4.32%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23224      1.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2232561                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    62                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           14227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6304                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7923                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          14227                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1576                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4031                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1576                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2455                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4031                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94808000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144259000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    239067000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94808000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144259000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    239067000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.200000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236558                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.220780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.200000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236558                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.220780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60157.360406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58761.303462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59307.119821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60157.360406                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58761.303462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59307.119821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           33                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               33                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1576                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4031                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139349000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231005000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139349000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231005000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236558                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236558                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58157.360406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56761.303462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57307.119821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58157.360406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56761.303462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57307.119821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   112                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          14227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4031                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     94808000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    144259000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239067000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.200000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.220780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60157.360406                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58761.303462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59307.119821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     91656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    139349000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231005000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.200000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.236558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.220780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58157.360406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56761.303462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57307.119821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2707.888818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                228                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              112                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.035714                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.583089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1164.600629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1541.705101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.017770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.023525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.041319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3928                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          634                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3286                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.059937                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            26687                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           26687                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1356280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1356280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1356280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1356280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    332166000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332166000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    332166000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1370173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1370173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23908.874973                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23908.874973                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23908.874973                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23908.874973                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    304380000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    304380000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    304380000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    304380000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21908.874973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21908.874973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21908.874973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21908.874973                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13637                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1356280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1356280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    332166000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    332166000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1370173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23908.874973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23908.874973                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    304380000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    304380000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21908.874973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21908.874973                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.162552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1335370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 97.922564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.162552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.985010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1384066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1384066                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4031                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4031                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           33                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         8095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         8095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       260096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       260096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  260096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             4196000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           21445750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          100864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          157120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              257984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       100864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         100864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         2112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             2112                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1576                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  33                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           24341184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           37917263                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               62258447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      24341184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          24341184                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          509682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                509682                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          509682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          24341184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          37917263                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              62768129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        24.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1576.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2430.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                 9108                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4031                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          33                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4031                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        33                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      25                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                      9                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                212                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                252                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                165                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                278                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               327                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               248                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                        6.44                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      29890000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    20030000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                105002500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7461.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26211.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3028                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  75.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4031                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    33                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4005                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples          978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     262.151329                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    163.357011                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    287.072061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           359     36.71%     36.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          287     29.35%     66.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          125     12.78%     78.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           48      4.91%     83.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           22      2.25%     85.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           21      2.15%     88.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           37      3.78%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           10      1.02%     92.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           69      7.06%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total           978                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  256384                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     1600                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   257984                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  2112                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         61.87                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      62.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.51                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.48                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4138031000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1018216.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       100864                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       155520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 24341183.934683457017                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 37531140.203858375549                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1576                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2455                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           33                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     42249750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     62752750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26808.22                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25561.20                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     75.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               3491460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               1855755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             14858340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      326988480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         494310270                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1174942560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2016446865                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         486.622621                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3049619750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    138320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT    955819250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               3491460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               1855755                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             13744500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      326988480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         442806780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1218313920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2007200895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         484.391321                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3163044750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    138320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT    842394250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           322523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               322523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          328108                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              328108                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          12247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              12247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14930                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14930                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    339888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    339888000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    404928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    404928000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       334770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           334770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       343038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          343038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.043523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27752.755777                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 27752.755777                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27121.768252                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 27121.768252                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    315396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    315396000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    375070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    375070000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25752.919082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25752.919082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25121.902210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25121.902210                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14673                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          247444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              247444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163036000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    163036000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          255217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20974.655860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20974.655860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    147490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    147490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18974.655860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18974.655860                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          75079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              75079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176852000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    176852000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          79553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39528.833259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39528.833259                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    167906000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167906000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056239                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056239                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37529.280286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37529.280286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2683                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     65040000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     65040000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.324504                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.324504                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24241.520686                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24241.520686                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     59674000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59674000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.324504                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324504                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22241.520686                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22241.520686                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.880991                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  337710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.015743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.880991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.964379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                357967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               357967                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10564                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194096000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    468359000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194096000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    468359000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           28823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          28823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.633487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.633487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24631.472081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26424.800077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25650.857112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24631.472081                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26424.800077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25650.857112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253507000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    431843000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253507000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    431843000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22631.472081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24424.992774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23650.966647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22631.472081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24424.992774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23650.966647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20860                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    194096000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    274263000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    468359000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          28823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.633487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24631.472081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26424.800077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25650.857112                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    178336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    253507000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    431843000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22631.472081                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24424.992774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23650.966647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.626525                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  33383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.600336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.037599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   131.539705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   262.049221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.207105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.256913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.511815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55652                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                28823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               28822                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   63102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1304704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2193856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             56108000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            74645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4143759000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8081728000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 115666                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34301912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   246361                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    17.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              467363630                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000091                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4260094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008082                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8081728000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            445671                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4260094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      518797                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      259180                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           173                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2658065                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8081717                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8081717                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2591342                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1117181                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       322865                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       64973                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3807430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3807430                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7383134                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3023114                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      518555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        777719                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     259164                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 51207      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3092266     72.59%     73.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4004      0.09%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.03%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.06%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.48%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      3.51%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      2.93%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.68%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.12%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.01%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.03%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   413982      9.72%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  216012      5.07%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      2.45%     98.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      1.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4260140                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    99                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11949                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        19071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           31020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11949                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        19071                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          31020                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         3836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          5751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         3836                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         5751                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    231473000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    347474000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    231473000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    347474000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.138128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.167460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.156400                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.138128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.167460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.156400                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60342.283629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60419.753086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60342.283629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60419.753086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               51                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         5751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3836                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         5751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    223801000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    335972000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    223801000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    335972000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.138128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.167460                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.138128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.167460                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58342.283629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58419.753086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58342.283629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58419.753086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   171                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11949                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        19071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          31020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         3836                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         5751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    231473000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    347474000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.138128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.167460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.156400                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60342.283629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60419.753086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    223801000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    335972000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.138128                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.167460                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.156400                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58342.283629                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58419.753086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3788.726980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                495                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.894737                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     1.015111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1446.949650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2340.762219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000015                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.022079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.035717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.057811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5595                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5395                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.085373                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            51450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           51450                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2636866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2636866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2636866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2636866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21199                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21199                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    486668000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    486668000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2658065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2658065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22957.120619                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22957.120619                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22957.120619                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22957.120619                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    444270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    444270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    444270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    444270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20957.120619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20957.120619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20957.120619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20957.120619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20943                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2636866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2636866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    486668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    486668000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2658065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22957.120619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22957.120619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    444270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    444270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20957.120619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20957.120619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.032419                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1902386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 90.836365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.032419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2679264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2679264                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5751                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5751                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           51                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        11553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        11553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  11553                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       371328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       371328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  371328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6006000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           30646750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          122560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          245504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              368064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       122560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         122560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             3836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 5751                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            51                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  51                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           15165074                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           30377662                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               45542735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      15165074                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          15165074                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          403874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                403874                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          403874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          15165074                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          30377662                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              45946609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        26.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1915.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      3796.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                13546                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         5751                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          51                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       5751                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        51                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                400                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       15.70                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      49117250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    28555000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                156198500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8600.46                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27350.46                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4010                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  70.22                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   5751                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    51                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     5710                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     214.964706                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    133.714793                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    262.532854                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           787     46.29%     46.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          493     29.00%     75.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          156      9.18%     84.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      3.41%     87.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           30      1.76%     89.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      1.59%     91.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      2.35%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.65%     94.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           98      5.76%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1700                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  365504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   368064                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         45.23                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      45.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.40                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8078574000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1392377.46                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       122560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       242944                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 15165073.608020463958                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 30060897.867386776954                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         3836                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           51                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     52142500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    104056000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27228.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27126.17                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     69.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4790940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2546445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             19942020                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      637381680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         832730670                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2402136960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3899528715                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.511749                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6236788750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    269620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1575319250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               7354200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               3905055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             20834520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      637381680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1377923700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1943027040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3990426195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         493.759032                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5037940250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    269620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2774167750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           741686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               741686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          747334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              747334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         30597                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             30597                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    703774000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    703774000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    774577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    774577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       769514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           769514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       777931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          777931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25290.139428                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25290.139428                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25315.455764                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25315.455764                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10692                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10692                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    648120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    648120000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    713385000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    713385000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23290.211298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23290.211298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23315.521130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23315.521130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      30340                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          491262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              491262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    384083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    384083000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       510380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          510380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20090.124490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20090.124490                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    345849000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    345849000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18090.229103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18090.229103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    319691000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    319691000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       259134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         259134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36703.903559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36703.903559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    302271000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    302271000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34703.903559                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34703.903559                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70803000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     70803000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     65265000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65265000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.324394                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  678715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 30340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.370303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.324394                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                808527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               808527                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7335                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         22908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    292403000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    521592000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    813995000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    292403000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    521592000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    813995000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           51796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          51796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.709939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.709939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21090.810733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22768.988999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22136.272164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21090.810733                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22768.988999                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22136.272164                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264675000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475778000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    740453000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264675000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475778000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    740453000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19090.810733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20769.076305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20136.326553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19090.810733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20769.076305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20136.326553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     42555                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    292403000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    521592000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    813995000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          51796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.709939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21090.810733                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22768.988999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22136.272164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264675000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    475778000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    740453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19090.810733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20769.076305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20136.326553                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.655726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  61633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                42555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.448314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   105.215021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   133.537097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   266.903608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.205498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.260815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.521296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               105555                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              105555                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                51796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               51795                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10692                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        71885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  114283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2642432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1356736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3999168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           105995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            105256000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           152980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8081728000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11710502000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 119992                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34301912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   251172                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    25.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              468367289                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6280005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011711                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11710502000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            672950                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6280005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      786660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      425871                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           191                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3915842                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11710491                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11710491                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3586207                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1677647                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       489509                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       95327                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5812202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5812202                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11317218                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4638970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      786339                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1212194                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     425855                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 61291      0.98%      0.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4662573     74.24%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     9058      0.14%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.02%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.04%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.32%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      2.38%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.99%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.46%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.08%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.02%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   681766     10.86%     91.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  382703      6.09%     97.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.67%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6280060                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   101                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        29851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           41828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11977                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        29851                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          41828                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4466                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6381                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273759000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    389760000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273759000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    389760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.130140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.132361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.130140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.132361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61298.477385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61081.335214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61298.477385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61081.335214                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               51                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264827000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    376998000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264827000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    376998000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.130140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.130140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59298.477385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59081.335214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59298.477385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59081.335214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   240                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        29851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          41828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4466                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    273759000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    389760000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.130140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.132361                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61298.477385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61081.335214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    264827000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    376998000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.130140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.132361                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59298.477385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59081.335214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4436.719204                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                834                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.475000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.700555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1555.216750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2880.801899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.023731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.043958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.067699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2578                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.093933                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            64397                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           64397                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3894609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3894609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3894609                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3894609                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21233                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21233                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487291000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    487291000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487291000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    487291000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3915842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3915842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22949.700937                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22949.700937                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22949.700937                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22949.700937                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    444825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    444825000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    444825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    444825000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20949.700937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20949.700937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20949.700937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20949.700937                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20977                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3894609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3894609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487291000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    487291000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3915842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22949.700937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22949.700937                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    444825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    444825000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20949.700937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20949.700937                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.642120                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2094950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 99.868904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.642120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3937075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3937075                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6381                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           51                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        12813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        12813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  12813                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       411648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       411648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  411648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6636000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           34069750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          122560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          285824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              408384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       122560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         122560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4466                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            51                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  51                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           10465819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           24407493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               34873313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      10465819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          10465819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          278724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                278724                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          278724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          10465819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          24407493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              35152037                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        26.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1915.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4426.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                15738                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6381                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          51                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6381                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        51                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               236                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       18.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      58527750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    31705000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                177421500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9230.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27980.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4171                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  65.78                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6381                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    51                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6340                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     187.072384                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    120.041433                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    238.818808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1095     50.48%     50.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          654     30.15%     80.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          156      7.19%     87.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      2.67%     90.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           30      1.38%     91.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      1.24%     93.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      1.84%     94.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.51%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           98      4.52%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2169                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  405824                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   408384                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         34.65                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      34.87                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.28                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11705940000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1819953.36                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       122560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       283264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 10465819.484083604068                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 24188886.180968161672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4466                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           51                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     52142500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    125279000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27228.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28051.72                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.51                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               6083280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3229545                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21677040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      923803920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1284587910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3415074720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5654456415                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         482.853461                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8865672750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    390780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2454049250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9410520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5001810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             23597700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      923803920.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2057238300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2764421760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5783474010                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         493.870716                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   7166468500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    390780000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4153253500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1164154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1164154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1169802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1169802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              39905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         42674                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             42674                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    971597000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    971597000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1042400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1042400000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1204059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1204059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1212476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1212476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24347.750908                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24347.750908                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24427.051601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24427.051601                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    891789000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    891789000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    957054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    957054000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22347.801027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22347.801027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22427.098467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22427.098467                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      42417                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          748061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              748061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    593129000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    593129000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       778243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          778243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.038782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19651.746074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19651.746074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    532767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    532767000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17651.812338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17651.812338                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         416093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             416093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378468000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    378468000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       425816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         425816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38925.023141                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38925.023141                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359022000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    359022000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36925.023141                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36925.023141                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70803000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     70803000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     65265000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65265000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.773240                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1173886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 42417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.674894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.773240                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987395                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1255149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1255149                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         34318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    292767000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710948000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1003715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    292767000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710948000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1003715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           63907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          63907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.754377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.754377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21074.503311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20716.475319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20819.643228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21074.503311                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20716.475319                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20819.643228                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264983000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    642314000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    907297000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264983000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    642314000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    907297000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19074.503311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18716.533598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18819.684713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19074.503311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18716.533598                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18819.684713                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54465                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    292767000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    710948000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1003715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          63907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.754377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21074.503311                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20716.475319                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20819.643228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    264983000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    642314000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    907297000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19074.503311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18716.533598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18819.684713                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.621648                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  74745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.372349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.427900                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    95.251936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   305.941812                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.207867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.186039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.597543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               130790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              130790                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                63907                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               63906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        97253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  139719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3493056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1358912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4851968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           213365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11710502000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15335227000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122882                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34301912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   254971                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    32.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              471097777                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000037                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8299833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015335                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15335227000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            900207                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8299833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1054468                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      592546                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           211                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5173473                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15335216                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15335216                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4581005                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2238104                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       656143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      125665                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7816893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7816893                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15251076                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6254782                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1054070                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1646600                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     592530                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71378      0.86%      0.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6232865     75.10%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    14111      0.17%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.02%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.03%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.25%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.80%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.51%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.35%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.06%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.02%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   949497     11.44%     91.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  549378      6.62%     98.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.26%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8299898                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   102                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        40597                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           52594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11997                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        40597                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          52594                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5097                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7012                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5097                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7012                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316174000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    432175000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316174000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    432175000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111546                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111546                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62031.391014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61633.628066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62031.391014                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61633.628066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               51                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7012                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    418151000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    418151000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137651                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137651                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60031.391014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59633.628066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60031.391014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59633.628066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   386                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11997                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        40597                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          52594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5097                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    316174000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    432175000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.117639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62031.391014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61633.628066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    305980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    418151000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.111546                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.117639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60031.391014                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59633.628066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4900.486408                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              386                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.997409                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.534968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1585.911011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3314.040430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.050568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.074775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6641                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1966                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4501                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.101334                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            77269                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           77269                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5152214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5152214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5152214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5152214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21259                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21259                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    487763000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    487763000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5173473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5173473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22943.835552                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22943.835552                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22943.835552                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22943.835552                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    445245000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    445245000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20943.835552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20943.835552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20943.835552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20943.835552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21003                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5152214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5152214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    487763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    487763000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5173473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22943.835552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22943.835552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    445245000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20943.835552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20943.835552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.963076                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2341751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                111.496024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.963076                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5194732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5194732                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7012                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           51                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       452032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       452032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  452032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7267000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           37497500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          122560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          326208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              448768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       122560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         122560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7012                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            51                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  51                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            7992056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           21271808                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               29263864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       7992056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           7992056                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          212843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                212843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          212843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           7992056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          21271808                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              29476707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        26.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1915.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5057.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17932                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7012                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          51                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7012                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        51                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                561                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                434                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               503                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       20.57                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      68015750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    34860000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                198740750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9755.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28505.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4334                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  62.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7012                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    51                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     169.186196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    112.062754                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    220.355956                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1400     53.09%     53.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          817     30.98%     84.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          156      5.92%     89.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      2.20%     92.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           30      1.14%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      1.02%     94.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      1.52%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.42%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           98      3.72%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2637                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  446208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   448768                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         29.10                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      29.26                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.21                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.23                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15333413000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2170949.03                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       122560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       323648                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 7992056.459288147278                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 21104871.809201128781                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5097                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           51                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     52142500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    146598250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27228.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28761.67                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     61.93                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9424800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5005605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             26182380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1210226160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2365508550                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3896720160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7513067655                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.922168                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10106920250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    511940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4716366750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               9410520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5001810                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             23597700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1210226160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2109565440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4112251200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7470052830                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         487.117200                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10670033500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    511940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4153253500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1586816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1586816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1592464                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1592464                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          51716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              51716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         54485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             54485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1235424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1235424000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1306227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1306227000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1638532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1638532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1646949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1646949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23888.622477                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23888.622477                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23974.066257                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23974.066257                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12858                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12858                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         51716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1131994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1131994000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1197259000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1197259000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21888.661149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21888.661149                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21974.102964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21974.102964                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      54228                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1004964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1004964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    799625000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    799625000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1046051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1046051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19461.751892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19461.751892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    717453000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17461.800570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17461.800570                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         581852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             581852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435799000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    435799000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         592481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41000.940822                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41000.940822                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414541000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    414541000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39000.940822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39000.940822                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70803000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     70803000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     65265000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65265000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.535936                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1532555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 54228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.261323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.535936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990375                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1701433                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1701433                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         45695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293027000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    900002000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1193029000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293027000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    900002000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1193029000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.786953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.786953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21062.895342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19695.852938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20014.914356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21062.895342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19695.852938                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20014.914356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265203000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    808614000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1073817000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265203000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    808614000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1073817000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19062.895342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17695.896706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18014.947909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19062.895342                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17695.896706                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18014.947909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     66296                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293027000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    900002000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1193029000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.786953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21062.895342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19695.852938                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20014.914356                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265203000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    808614000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1073817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19062.895342                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17695.896706                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18014.947909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.656541                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  87583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                66296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.321090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    99.421396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    73.906955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   335.328190                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.194182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.144350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.654938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               155410                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              155410                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75744                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12858                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       121827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  164345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4309888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5670464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106295000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            140034000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           272420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15335227000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18960863000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 124026                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34301912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   255980                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    40.31                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              470321889                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000052                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10319744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018961                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18960863000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1127486                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000052                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10319744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1322331                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      759238                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           231                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6431251                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18960852                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18960852                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5575870                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2798570                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       822787                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      156019                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9821666                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9821666                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19185164                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7870638                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1321854                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2081076                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     759222                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 81462      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7803172     75.61%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    19165      0.19%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.20%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.45%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.21%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.28%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1217281     11.80%     91.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  716070      6.94%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.01%     99.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10319819                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   104                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        12021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        51299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           63320                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        12021                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        51299                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          63320                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7642                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5727                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7642                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358007000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    474008000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358007000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    474008000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        70962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        70962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.100428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.107691                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.100428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.107691                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62512.135499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62026.694583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62512.135499                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62026.694583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               51                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    458724000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    458724000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.100428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107691                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.100428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107691                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60512.135499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60026.694583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60512.135499                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60026.694583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   398                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        12021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        51299                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          63320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7642                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358007000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    474008000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        70962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.100428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.107691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62512.135499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62026.694583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    346553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    458724000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.100428                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.107691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60512.135499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60026.694583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5291.531279                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              398                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.876884                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.432673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1588.950799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3702.147807                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.056490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.080742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7259                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5521                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.110764                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            90278                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           90278                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6409958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6409958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6409958                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6409958                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21293                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21293                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    488371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    488371000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    488371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    488371000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6431251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6431251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22935.753534                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22935.753534                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22935.753534                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22935.753534                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    445785000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    445785000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20935.753534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20935.753534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20935.753534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20935.753534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21037                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6409958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6409958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    488371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    488371000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6431251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22935.753534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22935.753534                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    445785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    445785000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20935.753534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20935.753534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.161354                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2534315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                120.469411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.161354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6452544                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6452544                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           51                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       492352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       492352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  492352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             7897000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           40921000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          122560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          366528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              489088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       122560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         122560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7642                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            51                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  51                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6463841                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19330766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               25794607                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6463841                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6463841                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          172144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                172144                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          172144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6463841                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19330766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              25966751                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        26.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1915.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5687.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                20124                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7642                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          51                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7642                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        51                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                324                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                540                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       21.61                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      76972750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    38010000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                219510250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10125.33                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28875.33                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4496                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  59.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7642                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    51                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7601                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     156.641339                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    106.764566                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    205.541800                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1707     54.96%     54.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          979     31.52%     86.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          156      5.02%     91.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      1.87%     93.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           30      0.97%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      0.87%     95.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      1.29%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.35%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           98      3.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3106                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  486528                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   489088                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         25.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      25.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.17                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18957706000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2464279.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       122560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       363968                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6463840.807245956734                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 19195750.741936165839                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5727                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           51                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     52142500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    167367750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27228.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29224.33                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     58.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10224480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5434440                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             27253380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1496648400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2669906220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        5032629600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9242096520                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         487.430162                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13057002000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    633100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5270761000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              11952360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6352830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             27024900                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1496648400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2939075610                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4805960640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9287014740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.799158                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12465106000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    633100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   5862657000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2009465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2009465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2015113                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2015113                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          63612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              63612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         66381                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             66381                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1499768000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1499768000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1570571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1570571000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2073077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2073077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2081494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2081494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23576.809407                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23576.809407                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23659.947877                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23659.947877                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1372546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1372546000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1437811000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1437811000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21576.840848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21576.840848                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21659.978006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21659.978006                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      66124                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         51994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             51994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1005997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1005997000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1313914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1313914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19348.328653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19348.328653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    902011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    902011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17348.367119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17348.367119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         747545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             747545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    493771000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    493771000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       759163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         759163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42500.516440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42500.516440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470535000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470535000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40500.516440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40500.516440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70803000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     70803000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     65265000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65265000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.007107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2048357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 66124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.977512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.007107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2147874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2147874                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         57027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             70963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            70963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293339000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1087891000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1381230000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293339000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1087891000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1381230000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           87674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          87674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.809396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.809396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21049.009759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19076.770652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19464.086919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21049.009759                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19076.770652                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19464.086919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265467000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    973839000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1239306000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265467000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    973839000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1239306000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19049.009759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17076.805724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17464.115102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19049.009759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17076.805724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17464.115102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     78266                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            70963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293339000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1087891000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1381230000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          87674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.809396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21049.009759                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19076.770652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19464.086919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265467000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    973839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1239306000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19049.009759                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17076.805724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17464.115102                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.295867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 100735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.287085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   102.071383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    60.851731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   346.372752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.199358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.118851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.676509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               180471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              180471                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                87674                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               87673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       146780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  189366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5145536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1362752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6508288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            157769000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           331900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18960863000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22588590000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 128135                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34301912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   263520                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    46.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              482388925                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12339703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022589                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22588590000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1354774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12339703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1590195                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      925931                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           249                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7689054                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22588579                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22588579                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6570770                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3359052                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       989437                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      186375                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11826487                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11826487                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23119334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9486532                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1589640                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2515555                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     925915                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 91545      0.74%      0.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9373524     75.96%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    24219      0.20%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.17%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.21%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.23%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.04%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1485067     12.03%     91.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  882763      7.15%     98.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      0.85%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12339787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   106                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        12053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        62105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           74158                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        12053                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        62105                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          74158                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8272                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6357                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8272                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400205000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    516206000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400205000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    516206000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        82430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        82430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137099                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100352                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137099                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100352                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62955.010225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62404.013540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62955.010225                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62404.013540                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               51                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8272                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    387491000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    499662000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    387491000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    499662000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137099                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092854                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100352                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137099                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092854                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100352                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60955.010225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60404.013540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60955.010225                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60404.013540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   429                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        12053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        62105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          74158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6357                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    400205000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    516206000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        82430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092854                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100352                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62955.010225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62404.013540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    387491000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    499662000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.137099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092854                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100352                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60955.010225                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60404.013540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5656.946333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               2097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs              429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             4.888112                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.363186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1589.572768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4067.010380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024255                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.062058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.086318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7858                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.119904                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           103263                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          103263                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7667721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7667721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7667721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7667721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21333                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21333                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    489101000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    489101000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7689054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7689054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22926.967609                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22926.967609                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22926.967609                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22926.967609                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446435000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    446435000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446435000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    446435000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20926.967609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20926.967609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20926.967609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20926.967609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21077                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7667721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7667721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    489101000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7689054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22926.967609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22926.967609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    446435000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20926.967609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20926.967609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.296040                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2890741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                137.151445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.296040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7710387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7710387                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8272                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           51                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16595                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       532672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       532672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  532672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8527000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           44342750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          122560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          406848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              529408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       122560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         122560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8272                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            51                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  51                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5425748                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           18011217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               23436965                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5425748                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5425748                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          144498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                144498                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          144498                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5425748                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          18011217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              23581463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        26.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1915.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6317.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                22316                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8272                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          51                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8272                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        51                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                544                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                632                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                625                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.31                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      86296500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    41160000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                240646500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10483.05                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29233.05                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4659                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.60                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8272                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    51                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     147.452561                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    103.065152                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    193.410020                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2011     56.28%     56.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1142     31.96%     88.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          156      4.37%     92.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      1.62%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           30      0.84%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      0.76%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      1.12%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.31%     97.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           98      2.74%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3573                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  526848                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   529408                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         23.32                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      23.44                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.14                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22584028000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2713448.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       122560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       404288                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5425748.132132195868                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17897885.613931637257                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6357                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           51                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     52142500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    188504000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27228.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29652.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     56.42                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10717140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5696295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             27910260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1783070640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2876713620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6251522880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10955630835                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.007291                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16223815000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    754260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5610515000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14794080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7863240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30866220                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1783070640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3865355250                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5418982560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11120931990                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         492.325196                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  14049468000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    754260000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7784862000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2432030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2432030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2437678                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2437678                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          75595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              75595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         78364                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             78364                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1766197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1766197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1837000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1837000000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2507625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2507625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2516042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2516042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23363.939414                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23363.939414                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23441.886581                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23441.886581                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15126                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15126                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1615009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1615009000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1680274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1680274000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21363.965871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21363.965871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21441.912102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21441.912102                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      78107                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1518736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1518736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1214899000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1214899000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1581778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1581778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19271.263602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19271.263602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1088817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1088817000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17271.295327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17271.295327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         913294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             913294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        12553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            12553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    551298000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    551298000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       925847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         925847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43917.629252                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43917.629252                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    526192000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    526192000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41917.629252                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41917.629252                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70803000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     70803000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     65265000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65265000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.327165                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2429845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 78107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.109184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.327165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2594405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2594405                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17266                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         68463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             82431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            82431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293755000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1277497000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1571252000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293755000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1277497000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1571252000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           99697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          99697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.826815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.826815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21030.569874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18659.670187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19061.421067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21030.569874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18659.670187                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19061.421067                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265819000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1140573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1406392000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265819000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1140573000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1406392000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19030.569874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16659.699400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17061.445330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19030.569874                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16659.699400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17061.445330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90210                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            82431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    293755000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1277497000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1571252000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          99697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.826815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21030.569874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18659.670187                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19061.421067                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    265819000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1140573000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1406392000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19030.569874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16659.699400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17061.445330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.730151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 113780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                90210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.261279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   101.418530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    51.991810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   356.319810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.198083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.101547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.695937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               205545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              205545                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                99697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               99696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       171853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  214519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5983296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1365312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7348608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            175327000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           391815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22588590000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26215331000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 132388                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34301912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   271573                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    52.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              495795898                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      14359482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026215                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26215331000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1582034                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      14359482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1858003                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1092604                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8946663                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26215331                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26215331                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7565587                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3919500                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1156075                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      216715                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13831129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13831129                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            27053096                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11102293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1857371                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2949959                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1092588                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                101632      0.71%      0.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10943770     76.21%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    29271      0.20%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.14%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.04%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      0.87%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.20%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.04%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1752798     12.21%     91.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1049436      7.31%     98.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      0.73%     99.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   14359576                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   108                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        12076                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        72954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           85030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        12076                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        72954                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          85030                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6988                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8903                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6988                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8903                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    557853000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    557853000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        93933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        93933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.136874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.094780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.136874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63230.108758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62658.991351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63230.108758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62658.991351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks           51                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total               51                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6988                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6988                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427876000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    540047000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427876000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    540047000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.136874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.136874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61230.108758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60658.991351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61230.108758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60658.991351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                   431                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        12076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        72954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          85030                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    116001000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    441852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    557853000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        93933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.136874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.094780                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60574.934726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63230.108758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62658.991351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    112171000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    427876000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    540047000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.136874                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.087413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.094780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58574.934726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61230.108758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60658.991351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         6005.013492                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             107414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             8918                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            12.044629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks     0.312941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1586.657549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  4418.043002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.024210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.067414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.091629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         8487                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         6749                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.129501                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           116332                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          116332                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8925302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8925302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8925302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8925302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21361                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21361                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    489615000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    489615000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8946663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8946663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22920.977482                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22920.977482                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22920.977482                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22920.977482                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    446893000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    446893000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20920.977482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20920.977482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20920.977482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20920.977482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21105                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8925302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8925302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    489615000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    489615000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8946663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22920.977482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22920.977482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    446893000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    446893000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 20920.977482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20920.977482                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.393429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8946663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                418.831656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.393429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8968024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8968024                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8903                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8903                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty           51                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        17857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        17857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  17857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       573056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       573056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  573056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9158000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           47770750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          122560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          447232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              569792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       122560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         122560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks         3264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total             3264                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1915                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8903                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks            51                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                  51                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            4675127                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17059941                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               21735068                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       4675127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           4675127                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks          124507                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total                124507                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks          124507                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           4675127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17059941                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              21859575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        26.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1915.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6948.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.000000579500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds             0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                24508                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                   0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8903                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                          51                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8903                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                        51                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      40                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                     25                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                605                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                689                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                668                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                753                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               567                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       22.82                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      95016250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    44315000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                261197500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10720.55                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29470.55                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4823                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                  0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8903                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                    51                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8862                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     140.422877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    100.336771                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    183.241041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2313     57.27%     57.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1306     32.33%     89.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          156      3.86%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           58      1.44%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           30      0.74%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      0.67%     96.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      0.99%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           11      0.27%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           98      2.43%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4039                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  567232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     2560                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                        0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   569792                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                  3264                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         21.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      21.74                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       0.12                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26214066000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2927637.48                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       122560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       444672                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 4675126.932404553518                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 16962288.212191559374                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1915                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6988                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks           51                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     52142500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    209055000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27228.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29916.29                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.26                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14015820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7445790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32372760                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2068878240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        3950989200                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6739538400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12813240210                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.768965                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17481740500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    875160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   7858430500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              14829780                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7882215                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             30909060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy                   0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2068878240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3928725570                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6758286720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12809511585                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         488.626735                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17530773750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    875160000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7809397250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2854507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2854507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2860155                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2860155                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          87589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              87589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         90358                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             90358                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2032429000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2032429000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2103232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2103232000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2942096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2942096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2950513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2950513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.029771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23204.158056                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23204.158056                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23276.655083                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23276.655083                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16196                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16196                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        87589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         87589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        90358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1857251000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1857251000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1922516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1922516000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21204.158056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21204.158056                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21276.655083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21276.655083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      90102                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1775500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1775500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         74086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             74086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1423932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1423932000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1849586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1849586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.040055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19219.987582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19219.987582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1275760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1275760000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17219.987582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17219.987582                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1079007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1079007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    608497000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    608497000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1092510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1092510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45063.837666                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45063.837666                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    581491000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    581491000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43063.837666                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43063.837666                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     70803000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     70803000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     65265000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65265000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23569.880823                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.558592                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2950513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 90358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 32.653589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.558592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3040871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3040871                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10416                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         79942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             93933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            93933                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294054000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1467122000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1761176000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294054000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1467122000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1761176000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.840797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.840797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21017.368308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18352.330440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18749.278741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21017.368308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18352.330440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18749.278741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          13481                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                13481                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266072000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1307238000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1573310000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266072000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1307238000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1573310000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19017.368308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16352.330440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16749.278741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19017.368308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16352.330440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16749.278741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    102179                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            93933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    294054000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1467122000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1761176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.840797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21017.368308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18352.330440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18749.278741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    266072000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1307238000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1573310000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19017.368308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16352.330440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16749.278741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.044171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 127915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               102691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.245630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    95.995298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    45.480410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   368.568464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.187491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.088829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.719860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996180                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230606                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16196                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       196912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6819456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1367104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8186560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            192699000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           451790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26215331000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
