
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 3713913000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 275311                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294116                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   488937                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     3.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1022323473                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000080                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1776195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.003714                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  3713913000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            188577                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000080                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1776195                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      203360                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       99868                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1268648                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            85                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          3713902                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    3713902                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1305185                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1000648                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       166920                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11972                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11972                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15096                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5598                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       10855                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1761850                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1761850                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3292296                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1489105                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      203273                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        303063                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      99790                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                  7704      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1447378     81.49%     81.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    11305      0.64%     82.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.10%     82.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.03%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     82.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.06%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     82.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      532      0.03%     82.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2179      0.12%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     82.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     82.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     82.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   202326     11.39%     94.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   94272      5.31%     99.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 947      0.05%     99.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.31%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1776207                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    42                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1261897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1261897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1261897                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1261897                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst           6751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total               6751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          6751                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total              6751                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    368091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    368091000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    368091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    368091000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1268648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1268648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005321                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005321                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54523.922382                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 54523.922382                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54523.922382                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54523.922382                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          6751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    354589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    354589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    354589000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    354589000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005321                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005321                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52523.922382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52523.922382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52523.922382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52523.922382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                       6495                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1261897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          6751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total              6751                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    368091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    368091000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1268648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1268648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005321                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 54523.922382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54523.922382                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         6751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    354589000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    354589000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005321                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 52523.922382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52523.922382                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               251.929604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                  992795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                  6495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                152.855273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   251.929604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.984100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.984100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          167                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1275399                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1275399                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7334                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         1660                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        16328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       575616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total       575616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  575616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            15634000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           38937500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          295808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          173568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              469376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       295808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         295808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       106240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           106240                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             4622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2712                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          1660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                1660                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           79648608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           46734536                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              126383144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      79648608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          79648608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        28605947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              28605947                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        28605947                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          79648608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          46734536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             154989091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       819.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      4622.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2339.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.002781180500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            47                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            47                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                16503                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 752                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7334                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        1660                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7334                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      1660                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     373                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    841                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                389                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               1452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               310                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               186                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 27                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 42                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      56609750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    34805000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                187128500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8132.42                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26882.42                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5105                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      670                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7334                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  1660                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6961                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      47                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     250.349142                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    166.946545                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    249.054903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           676     34.11%     34.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          600     30.27%     64.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          278     14.03%     78.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          119      6.00%     84.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           98      4.94%     89.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           75      3.78%     93.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           35      1.77%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      1.16%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           78      3.94%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1982                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           47                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      145.978723                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      62.799303                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     280.028142                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-63              27     57.45%     57.45% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::64-127            11     23.40%     80.85% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-191            4      8.51%     89.36% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::192-255            1      2.13%     91.49% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-831            1      2.13%     93.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::832-895            1      2.13%     95.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-959            1      2.13%     97.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1471            1      2.13%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             47                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           47                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.973692                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.955533                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                21     44.68%     44.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 5     10.64%     55.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                21     44.68%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             47                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  445504                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    23872                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    51136                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   469376                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                106240                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        119.96                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                         13.77                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     126.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      28.61                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          1.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.94                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     3713073000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      412838.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       295808                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       149696                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        51136                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 79648607.816068932414                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 40306813.864514328539                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 13768766.258121823892                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         4622                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2712                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         1660                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    121925500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     65203000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  74753114750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26379.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     24042.40                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  45031996.84                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     74.23                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5454960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2895585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             20998740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3064140                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      292568640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         551770260                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy         961494240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          1838246565                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         494.962204                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2494334500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    123760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1095818500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8717940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4626105                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28702800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1106640                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      292568640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1056548580                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         536417760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          1928688465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         519.314390                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1384895000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    123760000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   2205258000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           296860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               296860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          298953                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              298953                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           4253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               4253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          4263                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              4263                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    209696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    209696000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    210288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    210288000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       301113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           301113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       303216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          303216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.014124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.014059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49305.431460                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 49305.431460                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49328.641802                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 49328.641802                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            2026                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  2026                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          4253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    201192000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    201764000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    201764000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014124                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47305.901716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47305.901716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47329.110955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47329.110955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       4006                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          198583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              198583                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          2674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              2674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    131357000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    131357000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          201257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.013286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49123.784592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49123.784592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    126011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    126011000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47124.532536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47124.532536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          98277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              98277                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         1579                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             1579                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     78339000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     78339000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        99856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          99856                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015813                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015813                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 49613.046232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49613.046232                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         1579                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     75181000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75181000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015813                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015813                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47613.046232                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47613.046232                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              2093                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       592000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       592000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          2103                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        59200                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        59200                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       572000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       572000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004755                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57200                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        57200                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               249.735171                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  155397                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  4006                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 38.791063                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   249.735171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.975528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.975528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                307478                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               307478                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            2129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            1550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                3679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           2129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           1550                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               3679                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          4622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          2713                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total              7335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         4622                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2713                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total             7335                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308277000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    170758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    479035000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308277000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    170758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    479035000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         6751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         4263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           11014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         6751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         4263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          11014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.684639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636406                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.665971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.684639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636406                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.665971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66697.749892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62940.656100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65308.111793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66697.749892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62940.656100                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65308.111793                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           1660                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 1660                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2713                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7335                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299033000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    165334000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    464367000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299033000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    165334000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    464367000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.684639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.684639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64697.749892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60941.393292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63308.384458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64697.749892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60941.393292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63308.384458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                      8098                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           1550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               3679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         4622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2713                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total             7335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    308277000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    170758000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    479035000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         6751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          11014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.684639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.665971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66697.749892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62940.656100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65308.111793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         4622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    299033000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    165334000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    464367000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.684639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.636406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.665971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 64697.749892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60941.393292                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63308.384458                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         2026                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         2026                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         2026                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         2026                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              496.377840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  12087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                 8098                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.492591                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    68.895439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   355.521636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    71.960765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.134561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.694378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.140548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.969488                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           61                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                21650                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               21650                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                11014                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               11013                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          2026                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        10551                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        13502                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   24053                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       402432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       432064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                   834496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            33755000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             21144000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            21310000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3713913000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 7315400000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 267074                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1294912                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   466673                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     7.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              976332634                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2001043                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       3496636                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.007315                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  7315400000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            364481                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2001043                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       3496636                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      380382                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      200609                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            37                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2572536                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            85                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          7315389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    7315389                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2508564                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1966893                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       321938                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11972                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11972                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15096                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5598                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       16178                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3472652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3472652                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             6548375                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            2945899                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      380295                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        580826                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     200531                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 15505      0.44%      0.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   2859618     81.78%     82.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    33942      0.97%     83.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.05%     83.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.02%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.03%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     83.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      532      0.02%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2179      0.06%     83.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.01%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.01%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   379348     10.85%     94.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  195013      5.58%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 947      0.03%     99.84% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.16%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    3496648                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    42                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2560802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2560802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2560802                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2560802                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          11734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              11734                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         11734                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             11734                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    627548000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    627548000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    627548000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    627548000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2572536                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2572536                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53481.165843                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53481.165843                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53481.165843                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53481.165843                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         11734                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        11734                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    604080000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    604080000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    604080000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    604080000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51481.165843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51481.165843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51481.165843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51481.165843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      11478                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2560802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2560802                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         11734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             11734                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    627548000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    627548000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2572536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2572536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53481.165843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53481.165843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    604080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    604080000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004561                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51481.165843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51481.165843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               253.933524                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2105515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 11478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                183.439188                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   253.933524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2584270                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2584270                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               12771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              12771                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         3891                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        29433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        29433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  29433                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1066368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1066368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1066368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            32226000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           67607500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          507520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          309824                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              817344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       507520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         507520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       249024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           249024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             7930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4841                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                12771                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          3891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                3891                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           69376931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           42352298                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              111729229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      69376931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          69376931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        34041064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              34041064                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        34041064                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          69376931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          42352298                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             145770293                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       841.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      7930.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4027.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.006387638500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            48                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            48                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                29651                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 768                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        12771                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        3891                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      12771                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      3891                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                     814                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   3050                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               1838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                481                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               3097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                316                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1173                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               847                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              1110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 29                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                66                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               100                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.33                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      89221750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    59785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                313415500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7461.88                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26211.88                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      9091                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      683                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  76.03                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  12771                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  3891                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    11957                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     272.581527                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    190.182703                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    241.085743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           846     28.21%     28.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          797     26.58%     54.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          647     21.57%     76.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          227      7.57%     83.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          148      4.93%     88.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          138      4.60%     93.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           57      1.90%     95.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           41      1.37%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           98      3.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2999                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      219.791667                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      68.360941                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     581.608260                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             38     79.17%     79.17% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            5     10.42%     89.58% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            2      4.17%     93.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::896-1023            1      2.08%     95.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1408-1535            1      2.08%     97.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3711            1      2.08%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             48                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              17                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      16.974240                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.945313                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                21     43.75%     43.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6     12.50%     56.25% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                21     43.75%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             48                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  765248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    52096                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    52224                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   817344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                249024                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        104.61                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          7.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     111.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      34.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.87                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.06                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     7310664000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      438762.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       507520                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       257728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        52224                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 69376930.858189582825                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 35230882.795199170709                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 7138912.431309293024                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         7930                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4841                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         3891                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    203132500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    110283000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 115540612250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25615.70                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22781.04                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  29694323.37                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     76.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7468440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3969570                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             32194260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3126780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      577146960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1195516860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1802362560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3621785430                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         495.090553                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4674090250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    244140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2397169750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13944420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               7411635                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             53178720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1132740                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      577146960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2235390660                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy         926679360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          3814884495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         521.486794                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2389055000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    244140000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4682205000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           568055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               568055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          571318                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              571318                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data           9651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total               9651                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          9661                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total              9661                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    397894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    397894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    398486000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    398486000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       577706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           577706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       580979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          580979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41228.266501                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41228.266501                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41246.868854                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41246.868854                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            4331                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  4331                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          9651                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         9661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    378594000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    379166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    379166000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39228.473733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39228.473733                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39247.075872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39247.075872                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                       9404                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          370144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              370144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          6965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              6965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    302815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    302815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       377109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          377109                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.018469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43476.669060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43476.669060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    288887000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    288887000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.018469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41476.956210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41476.956210                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         197911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             197911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         2686                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             2686                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     95079000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     95079000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       200597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         200597                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013390                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35397.989576                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35397.989576                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         2686                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     89707000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89707000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013390                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013390                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 33397.989576                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 33397.989576                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              3263                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       592000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       592000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          3273                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        59200                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        59200                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       572000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       572000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003055                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57200                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        57200                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.819445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  236633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                  9404                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 25.163016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.819445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          251                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                590639                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               590639                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            3804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total                8623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           3804                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4819                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total               8623                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          4842                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             12772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7930                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4842                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            12772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    522761000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297116000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    819877000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    522761000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297116000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    819877000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        11734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data         9661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           21395                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        11734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data         9661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          21395                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.675814                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.596962                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.675814                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.596962                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65921.941992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61362.247005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64193.313498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65921.941992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61362.247005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64193.313498                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           3891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 3891                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        12772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4842                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        12772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506901000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287434000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    794335000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506901000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287434000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    794335000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.675814                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.675814                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596962                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63921.941992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59362.660058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62193.470091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63921.941992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59362.660058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62193.470091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     15658                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           3804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total               8623                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4842                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            12772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    522761000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    297116000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    819877000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        11734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data         9661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          21395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.675814                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.596962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65921.941992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61362.247005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64193.313498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    506901000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287434000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    794335000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.675814                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.501190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.596962                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63921.941992                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59362.660058                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62193.470091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4331                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4331                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4331                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4331                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              504.068876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  23264                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                15658                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.485758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    53.107882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   407.630662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    43.330332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.103726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.796154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.084630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.984510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          421                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                41896                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               41896                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                21395                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               21394                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          4331                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        23468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   47120                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       895424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       750976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  1646400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            58670000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             43050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            48300000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7315400000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11050333000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 253515                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1297800                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   441658                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              928270390                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3017831                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       5257568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011050                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11050333000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            541660                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3017831                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       5257568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      565129                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      314371                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3909688                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            89                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11050322                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11050322                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3730531                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2889344                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       474983                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11972                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11972                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15096                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5598                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       21710                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5225186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5225186                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             9960765                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4431276                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      565043                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        879335                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     314292                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 22524      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4291240     81.62%     82.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    57725      1.10%     83.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.04%     83.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.02%     83.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     83.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      532      0.01%     83.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2179      0.04%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   564096     10.73%     94.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  308774      5.87%     99.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 947      0.02%     99.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.10%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    5257581                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    42                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3892778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3892778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3892778                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3892778                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          16910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              16910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         16910                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             16910                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    904773000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    904773000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3909688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3909688                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3909688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3909688                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53505.204021                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53505.204021                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53505.204021                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53505.204021                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         16910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        16910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    870953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    870953000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    870953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    870953000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51505.204021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51505.204021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51505.204021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51505.204021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      16654                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3892778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3892778                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         16910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             16910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    904773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    904773000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3909688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3909688                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53505.204021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53505.204021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        16910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    870953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    870953000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51505.204021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51505.204021                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.631978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 3674712                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 16654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                220.650414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.631978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          224                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3926598                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3926598                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               18564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              18564                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         6209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        43337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        43337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  43337                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1585472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1585472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1585472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            49609000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy           98152750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          734656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          453440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1188096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       734656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         734656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       397376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           397376                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            11479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7085                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                18564                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          6209                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                6209                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           66482702                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           41034058                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total              107516760                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      66482702                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          66482702                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        35960545                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              35960545                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        35960545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          66482702                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          41034058                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             143477305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       869.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     11479.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5813.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013328888500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            50                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            50                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                43599                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 802                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        18564                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        6209                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      18564                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      6209                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1272                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   5340                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               3458                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               4762                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                299                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                247                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2039                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 32                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 44                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                77                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.32                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     124007250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    86460000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                448232250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7171.37                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25921.37                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     13372                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      714                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 82.16                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  18564                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  6209                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    17292                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     286.154756                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    204.125359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    238.682973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1021     25.16%     25.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1022     25.18%     50.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          981     24.17%     74.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          353      8.70%     83.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          195      4.81%     88.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          220      5.42%     93.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           88      2.17%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           57      1.40%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          121      2.98%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4058                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           50                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      340.660000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      75.756573                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    1038.589440                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             44     88.00%     88.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      6.00%     94.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      2.00%     96.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      2.00%     98.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      2.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             50                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           50                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.040000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.014125                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.946745                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                21     42.00%     42.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6     12.00%     54.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                23     46.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             50                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1106688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                    81408                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    54528                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1188096                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                397376                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                        100.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.93                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                     107.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      35.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.82                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    10891723000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      439661.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       734656                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       372032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        54528                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 66482702.376480415463                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 33667039.717264629900                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4934511.928283065557                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        11479                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7085                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         6209                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    291675750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    156556500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 252072047750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25409.51                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22096.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  40597849.53                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               9838920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5229510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             45824520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3293820                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      872174160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1930503360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2617641120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5484505410                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         496.320374                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6786479250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    368940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   3894913750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              19135200                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              10170600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             77640360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1153620                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      872174160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3389673720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1388866080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5758813740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         521.143909                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3580405750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    368940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   7100987250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           859888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               859888                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          864202                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              864202                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          15275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              15275                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         15285                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             15285                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    594102000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    594102000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    594694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    594694000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       875163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           875163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       879487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          879487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.017454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.017379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38893.747954                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38893.747954                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38907.033039                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38907.033039                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            6756                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  6756                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         15275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        15285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        15285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    563554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    563554000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    564126000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    564126000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36893.878887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36893.878887                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36907.163886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36907.163886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      15028                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          549393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              549393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         11412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             11412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    479172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    479172000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       560805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          560805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.020349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41988.433228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41988.433228                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        11412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    456348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    456348000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.020349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.020349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39988.433228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39988.433228                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         310495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             310495                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         3863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             3863                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    114930000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    114930000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       314358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         314358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012289                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 29751.488480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 29751.488480                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         3863                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    107206000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107206000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012289                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012289                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27752.006213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27752.006213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              4314                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       592000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       592000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          4324                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        59200                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        59200                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       572000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       572000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002313                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        57200                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        57200                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.894450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  329272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 15028                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 21.910567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.894450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.991775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.991775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           43                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                894771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               894771                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            5431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               13630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           5431                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8199                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              13630                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         11479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          7086                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18565                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        11479                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7086                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18565                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    754287000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    429128000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1183415000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    754287000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    429128000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1183415000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        16910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        15285                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           32195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        16910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        15285                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          32195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.678829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.463592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.576642                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.678829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.463592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.576642                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.166391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60559.977420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63744.411527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.166391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60559.977420                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63744.411527                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           6209                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 6209                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7086                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18565                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    731329000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414958000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1146287000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    731329000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414958000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1146287000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.678829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.463592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.678829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.463592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.166391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58560.259667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61744.519257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.166391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58560.259667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61744.519257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     23683                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           5431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              13630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        11479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    754287000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    429128000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1183415000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        16910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        15285                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          32195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.678829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.463592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.576642                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65710.166391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60559.977420                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63744.411527                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        11479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    731329000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414958000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1146287000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.678829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.463592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63710.166391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58560.259667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61744.519257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         6756                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         6756                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         6756                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         6756                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              506.749539                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  36041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                23683                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.521809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    45.364764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   427.794640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    33.590135                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.088603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.835536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.065606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.989745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          326                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                63146                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               63146                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                32195                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               32194                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          6756                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        37325                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        33820                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   71145                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1410560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1082240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2492800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            84550000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             65975000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            76420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11050333000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                14363732000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 256831                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1299376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   445847                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    15.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              922077027                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000739                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6945193                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.014364                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 14363732000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            711494                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000739                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6945193                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      739129                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      401507                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5157410                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         14363721                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   14363721                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5001875                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3934858                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       630276                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11972                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11972                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15096                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5598                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       25452                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               6903786                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      6903786                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            13098999                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            5870307                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      739013                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1140436                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     401423                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 29550      0.43%      0.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   5693506     81.98%     82.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    74957      1.08%     83.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.03%     83.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     83.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      532      0.01%     83.54% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2179      0.03%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   738066     10.63%     94.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  395905      5.70%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 947      0.01%     99.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.08%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6945206                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    42                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5137561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5137561                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5137561                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5137561                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          19849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              19849                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         19849                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             19849                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1067603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1067603000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1067603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1067603000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5157410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5157410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003849                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53786.236082                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53786.236082                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53786.236082                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53786.236082                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         19849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19849                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1027905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1027905000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1027905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1027905000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003849                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003849                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51786.236082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51786.236082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51786.236082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51786.236082                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      19593                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5137561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5137561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         19849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             19849                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1067603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1067603000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5157410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5157410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003849                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53786.236082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53786.236082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        19849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1027905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1027905000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003849                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51786.236082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51786.236082                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.947551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 4806299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 19593                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                245.306946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.947551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5177259                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5177259                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               22323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              22323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         7799                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        52445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        52445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  52445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      1927808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      1927808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1927808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            61318000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          117994750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          870208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          558464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1428672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       870208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         870208                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       499136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           499136                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            13597                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             8726                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                22323                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          7799                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                7799                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           60583698                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           38880146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               99463844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      60583698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          60583698                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        34749743                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              34749743                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        34749743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          60583698                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          38880146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             134213587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1017.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     13597.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7131.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013328888500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            58                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            58                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                52905                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 935                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        22323                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        7799                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      22323                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      7799                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    1595                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   6782                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               4159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                879                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               5933                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                409                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              1857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              2451                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.47                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     148162250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   103640000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                536812250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7147.93                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25897.93                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     16021                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      832                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.29                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.81                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  22323                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  7799                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    20728                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     285.664954                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    204.022905                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    238.570786                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1223     25.14%     25.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1238     25.45%     50.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1182     24.30%     74.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          414      8.51%     83.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          227      4.67%     88.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          264      5.43%     93.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          100      2.06%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           69      1.42%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          148      3.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           58                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      319.741379                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      80.957755                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     966.292817                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             50     86.21%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      5.17%     94.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      1.72%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      1.72%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      1.72%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             58                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           58                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.120690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.088040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.077319                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                24     41.38%     41.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6     10.34%     51.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                27     46.55%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      1.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             58                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1326592                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   102080                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    63552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1428672                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                499136                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         92.36                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          4.42                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      99.46                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      34.75                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.76                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    14361027000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      476762.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       870208                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       456384                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        63552                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 60583697.885758377612                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 31773358.065995659679                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 4424476.869938815013                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        13597                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         8726                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         7799                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    344135750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    192676500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 295029834250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25309.68                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22080.74                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  37829187.62                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.50                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10995600                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5836710                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             51936360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3732300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1133396160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2271276150                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3603019680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7080192960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         492.921544                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9344897250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    479440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4539394750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              23761920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              12625965                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             96061560                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1451160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1133396160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4326160350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1872590880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7466047995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         519.784691                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4829510250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    479440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   9054781750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1115101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1115101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1121614                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1121614                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          18993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              18993                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         19009                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             19009                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733768000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    733768000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    734764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    734764000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1134094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1134094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1140623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1140623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016665                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38633.601853                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38633.601853                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38653.479931                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38653.479931                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            8428                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  8428                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         18993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        19009                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    695784000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    695784000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    696748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    696748000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016665                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36633.707155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36633.707155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36653.585144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36653.585144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      18752                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          718332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              718332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         14268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             14268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    603524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    603524000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       732600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          732600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019476                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42299.130922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42299.130922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    574990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    574990000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019476                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40299.271096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40299.271096                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         396769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             396769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4725                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4725                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    130244000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    130244000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       401494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         401494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011769                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.011769                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27564.867725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27564.867725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4725                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    120794000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120794000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011769                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011769                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25564.867725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25564.867725                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              6513                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       996000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       996000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          6529                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        62250                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        62250                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       964000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       964000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002451                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        60250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        60250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.380154                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  612089                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 18752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 32.641265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.380154                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1159631                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1159631                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16534                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6252                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10282                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16534                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13597                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          8727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             22324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13597                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         8727                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            22324                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892085000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    528095000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1420180000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892085000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    528095000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1420180000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        19849                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        19009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           38858                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        19849                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        19009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          38858                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685022                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.459098                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.574502                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685022                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.459098                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.574502                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65608.957858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60512.776441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63616.735352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65608.957858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60512.776441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63616.735352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           7799                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 7799                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        22324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8727                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        22324                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    864891000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    510643000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1375534000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    864891000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    510643000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1375534000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685022                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.459098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685022                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.459098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63608.957858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58513.005615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61616.824942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63608.957858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58513.005615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61616.824942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     28802                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10282                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16534                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         8727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            22324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    892085000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    528095000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1420180000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        19849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        19009                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          38858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685022                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.459098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.574502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65608.957858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60512.776441                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63616.735352                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        22324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    864891000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    510643000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1375534000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.685022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.459098                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.574502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63608.957858                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58513.005615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61616.824942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8428                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8428                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8428                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8428                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.960706                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  45392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                28802                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.576002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    38.261092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   441.402111                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    28.297502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.074729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.862113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.055269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.992111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          400                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                76600                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               76600                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                38858                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               38857                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          8428                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        46445                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        39698                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   86143                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1755904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1270336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3026240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            99245000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             80998000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            95040000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  14363732000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                17863300000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 258270                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                1299376                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   448059                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    19.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              922700842                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8674313                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.017863                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17863300000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            888626                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8674313                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      916546                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                            20                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      502134                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                            39                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6446171                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                            91                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         17863300                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   17863300                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6247552                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             4922916                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       788245                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                  11972                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                         11972                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                15096                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                5598                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       30304                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               8624340                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      8624340                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            16366397                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7333926                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      916431                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1418481                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     502050                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 36018      0.42%      0.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7117289     82.05%     82.47% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    95781      1.10%     83.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1859      0.02%     83.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                     597      0.01%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                       52      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     83.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                     1034      0.01%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       12      0.00%     83.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                      532      0.01%     83.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                    2179      0.03%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                     78      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 207      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     83.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 207      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     83.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   915484     10.55%     94.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  496532      5.72%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                 947      0.01%     99.94% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite               5518      0.06%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8674326                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    42                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6422579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6422579                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6422579                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6422579                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          23592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              23592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         23592                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             23592                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1264364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1264364000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1264364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1264364000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6446171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6446171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003660                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003660                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53592.912852                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53592.912852                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53592.912852                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53592.912852                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1217180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1217180000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1217180000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1217180000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51592.912852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51592.912852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51592.912852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51592.912852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      23336                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6422579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6422579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         23592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             23592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1264364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1264364000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6446171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6446171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003660                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 53592.912852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53592.912852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        23592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        23592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1217180000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1217180000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 51592.912852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51592.912852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.153734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 6446171                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 23592                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                273.235461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 80000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.153734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           60                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6469763                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6469763                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               26900                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              26900                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         9805                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        63605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total        63605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  63605                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port      2349120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.dynamic_cache.mem_side::total      2349120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 2349120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            75925000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy          142144500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst         1031488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          690112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total             1721600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1031488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total        1031488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks       627520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total           627520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst            16117                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data            10783                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                26900                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks          9805                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                9805                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           57743418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           38632951                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               96376369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      57743418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          57743418                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks        35129008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total              35129008                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks        35129008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          57743418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          38632951                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total             131505377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples      1018.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples     16117.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      8765.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.013328888500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            58                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            58                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                64119                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 935                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                        26900                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                        9805                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                      26900                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                      9805                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                    2018                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                   8787                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                420                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                839                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3               5313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4               1060                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6               7431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                313                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10              1302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11              2308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15              3141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 10                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                 35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                 47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                 70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                 21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                 58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                 12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11               120                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12               110                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13               122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14               153                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                 7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                     176436000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                   124410000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                642973500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7090.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 25840.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                     19229                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      832                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  77.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 81.73                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                  26900                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                  9805                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                    24882                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         5811                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     284.888659                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    205.252022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    234.289023                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1435     24.69%     24.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1475     25.38%     50.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1454     25.02%     75.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511          509      8.76%     83.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639          266      4.58%     88.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767          310      5.33%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895          118      2.03%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           81      1.39%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          163      2.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          5811                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           58                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      319.741379                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      80.957755                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     966.292817                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-255             50     86.21%     86.21% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::256-511            2      3.45%     89.66% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            3      5.17%     94.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::1280-1535            1      1.72%     96.55% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::3584-3839            1      1.72%     98.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::6144-6399            1      1.72%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             58                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           58                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.120690                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.088040                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       1.077319                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                24     41.38%     41.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::17                 6     10.34%     51.72% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                27     46.55%     98.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::21                 1      1.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             58                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                 1592448                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                   129152                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    63552                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                  1721600                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                627520                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         89.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.56                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      96.38                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                      35.13                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.72                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.70                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    17863192000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      486669.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst      1031488                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       560960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        63552                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 57743418.069449655712                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 31402932.268953666091                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3557685.310105076060                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst        16117                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data        10783                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks         9805                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst    405897500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    237076000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 295029834250                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25184.43                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     21986.09                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  30089733.22                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     77.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              12516420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6648840                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             60154500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             3732300                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1409984160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2738210460                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4553645760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          8784892440                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.784409                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  11811647000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    596440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5455213000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              28995540                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy              15403905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy            117502980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy             1451160                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1409984160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        5432944170                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2284396320                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9290678235                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         520.098651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   5890080750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    596440000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11376779250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1387105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1387105                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1394752                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1394752                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          23899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              23899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         23915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             23915                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    911856000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    911856000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    912852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    912852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1411004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1411004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1418667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1418667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.016938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.016857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38154.567137                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 38154.567137                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38170.687853                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 38170.687853                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10555                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10555                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         23899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        23915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        23915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    864058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    864058000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    865022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    865022000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36154.567137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36154.567137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36170.687853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36170.687853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      23659                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          890753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              890753                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         18130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             18130                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    765868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    765868000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       908883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          908883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.019948                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42243.132929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42243.132929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        18130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    729608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    729608000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.019948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019948                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40243.132929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40243.132929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         496352                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             496352                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         5769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             5769                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    145988000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    145988000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       502121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         502121                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.011489                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25305.598891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25305.598891                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         5769                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    134450000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    134450000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.011489                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011489                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23305.598891                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23305.598891                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              7647                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total              16                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data       996000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total       996000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          7663                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        62250                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total        62250                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       964000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       964000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002088                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        60250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        60250                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.697495                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1418667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 23915                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 59.321221                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                167000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.697495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          176                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1442582                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1442582                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           13132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               20607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7475                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          13132                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              20607                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         16117                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             26900                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        16117                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10783                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            26900                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1055381000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651075000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1706456000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1055381000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651075000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1706456000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        23592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        23915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           47507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        23592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        23915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          47507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.566232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.566232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65482.471924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60379.764444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63437.026022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65482.471924                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60379.764444                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63437.026022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9805                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9805                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        26900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        26900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1023147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    629509000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1652656000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1023147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    629509000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1652656000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566232                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566232                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63482.471924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58379.764444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61437.026022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63482.471924                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58379.764444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61437.026022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     35203                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          13132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              20607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        16117                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            26900                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1055381000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    651075000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1706456000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        23592                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        23915                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          47507                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.566232                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65482.471924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60379.764444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63437.026022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        16117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        26900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst   1023147000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    629509000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1652656000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.683155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.450889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.566232                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 63482.471924                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58379.764444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61437.026022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10555                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10555                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10555                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10555                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.752037                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  58062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                35715                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.625703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    31.236634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   453.252821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data    24.262581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.061009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.885259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.047388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          402                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                93777                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               93777                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                47507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               47507                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10555                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        58385                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        47184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  105569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2206080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1509888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3715968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           117960000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            100282000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           119575000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17863300000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
