
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 4167252000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  84378                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34253324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   188373                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    11.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              351616812                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       2232530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.004167                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  4167252000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            216962                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       2232530                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      263485                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           105                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                       79584                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           108                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     1370173                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           419                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          4167241                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    4167241                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              1518798                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              547151                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       156490                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 500168                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        500168                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               894107                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              456038                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       31544                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1832042                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1832042                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3506430                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1456919                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      263330                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        342902                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                      79572                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 38784      1.74%      1.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   1545608     69.23%     70.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                      327      0.01%     70.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                       861      0.04%     71.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    1833      0.08%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    18912      0.85%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     71.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   138067      6.18%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       36      0.00%     78.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   115436      5.17%     83.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   23832      1.07%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     84.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   4878      0.22%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     84.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 152      0.01%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     84.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                 725      0.03%     84.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 104      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                104      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     84.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   166961      7.48%     92.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                   56348      2.52%     94.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead               96369      4.32%     98.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              23224      1.04%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    2232561                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    62                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst         6226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data         7585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           13811                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6226                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data         7585                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          13811                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         2793                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          4447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1654                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         2793                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         4447                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100221000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163325000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    263546000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100221000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163325000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    263546000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        18258                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        18258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.209898                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.269127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.243564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.209898                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.269127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.243564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60593.107618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58476.548514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59263.773330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60593.107618                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58476.548514                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59263.773330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          388                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              388                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2793                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         4447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2793                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         4447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96913000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157739000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    254652000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96913000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157739000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    254652000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.209898                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.269127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243564                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.209898                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.269127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243564                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58593.107618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56476.548514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57263.773330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58593.107618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56476.548514                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57263.773330                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1110                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6226                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         7585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          13811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1654                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         2793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         4447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    100221000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    163325000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    263546000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        10378                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        18258                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.209898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.269127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.243564                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60593.107618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58476.548514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59263.773330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1654                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     96913000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    157739000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    254652000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.209898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.269127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58593.107618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56476.548514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57263.773330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         4389                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         2458.470798                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               1748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1110                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             1.574775                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    23.565380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1106.161837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1328.743581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.067515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.081100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.150053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         3570                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          647                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2905                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.217896                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            27327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           27327                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          1356280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              1356280                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         1356280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             1356280                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          13893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              13893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         13893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             13893                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    337423000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    337423000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    337423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    337423000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          1370173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         1370173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.010140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.010140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24287.266969                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24287.266969                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24287.266969                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24287.266969                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         13893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        13893                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    309637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309637000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    309637000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22287.266969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22287.266969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22287.266969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22287.266969                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      13637                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         1356280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             1356280                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         13893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             13893                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    337423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    337423000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      1370173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1370173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.010140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 24287.266969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24287.266969                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    309637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    309637000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 22287.266969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22287.266969                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               252.177617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1335370                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 13637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 97.922564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   252.177617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.985069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.985069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               1384066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              1384066                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                4447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               4447                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          388                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port         9282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total         9282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   9282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       309440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       309440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  309440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             6387000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           23667250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          105856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          178752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              284608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       105856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         105856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        24832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            24832                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             1654                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             2793                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 4447                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           388                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 388                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           25401872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           42894454                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               68296326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      25401872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          25401872                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         5958843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               5958843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         5958843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          25401872                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          42894454                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              74255169                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       257.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1654.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      2724.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004476722500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            13                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                10212                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 221                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         4447                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         388                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       4447                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       388                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      69                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    131                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                213                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                410                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14                97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               337                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 11                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       19.35                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      33963500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    21890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                116051000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       7757.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 26507.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      3219                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      193                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  73.53                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   4447                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   388                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     4375                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         1200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     245.973333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    155.778883                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    272.223525                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           452     37.67%     37.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          372     31.00%     68.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          135     11.25%     79.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           68      5.67%     85.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           33      2.75%     88.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           20      1.67%     90.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           34      2.83%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           13      1.08%     93.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           73      6.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          1200                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      330.076923                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     104.377366                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     637.690947                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127              9     69.23%     69.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            1      7.69%     76.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      7.69%     84.62% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      7.69%     92.31% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      7.69%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean              18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      18.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                13    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             13                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  280192                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     4416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    14976                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   284608                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 24832                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         67.24                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          3.59                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      68.30                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       5.96                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     4161524000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                      860708.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       105856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       174336                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        14976                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 25401871.545085348189                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 41834763.052486389875                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 3593735.152085835114                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1654                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         2793                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          388                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     45057250                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data     70993750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  64375054000                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27241.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25418.46                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 165915087.63                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     73.61                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               4319700                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               2295975                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             16072140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy              809100                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      328832400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         603050310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        1092393120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          2047772745                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.396427                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2833880500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    139100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1194271500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               4248300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               2258025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             15186780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              412380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      328832400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy         543639780                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1142423040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          2037000705                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         488.811501                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   2964511250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    139100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1063640750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           322523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               322523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          328108                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              328108                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          12247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              12247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         14930                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             14930                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    350242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    350242000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    423302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    423302000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       334770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           334770                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       343038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          343038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.043523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28598.187311                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28598.187311                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28352.444742                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28352.444742                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks            5457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                  5457                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         12247                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    325750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    325750000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    393444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    393444000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036583                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.043523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26598.350616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26598.350616                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26352.578701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26352.578701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      14673                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          247444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              247444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          7773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total              7773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    174135000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174135000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       255217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          255217                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.030456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22402.547279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22402.547279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    158589000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    158589000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030456                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20402.547279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20402.547279                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data          75079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total              75079                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             4474                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    176107000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    176107000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total          79553                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.056239                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39362.315601                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 39362.315601                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         4474                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    167161000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167161000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.056239                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056239                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 37362.762629                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 37362.762629                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5585                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2683                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     73060000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     73060000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8268                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.324504                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.324504                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 27230.711890                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27230.711890                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2683                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     67694000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67694000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.324504                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324504                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25230.711890                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25230.711890                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               246.897717                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  337710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 14673                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 23.015743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   246.897717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.964444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.964444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          125                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                357967                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               357967                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            6013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            4551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               10564                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           6013                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           4551                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              10564                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          7880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         10379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             18259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            18259                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    292653000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    492006000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    292653000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    492006000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           28823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          28823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.633487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.633487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25298.604061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28196.647076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26945.944466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25298.604061                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28196.647076                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26945.944466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           4389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 4389                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183593000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271897000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    455490000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183593000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271897000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    455490000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23298.604061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26196.839773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24946.054001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23298.604061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26196.839773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24946.054001                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     20860                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           6013                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           4551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              10564                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            18259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    199353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    292653000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    492006000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13893                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        14930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          28823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.633487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 25298.604061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28196.647076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26945.944466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         7880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        18259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    183593000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    271897000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    455490000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.567192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.695177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.633487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23298.604061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26196.839773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24946.054001                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         5457                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              499.659232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  33383                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                20860                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.600336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.050992                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   131.560496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   262.047744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.207131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.256954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.511812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.975897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          170                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           31                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses                55652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses               55652                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                28823                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               28822                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          5457                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        35316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        27786                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                   63102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1304704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       889152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  2193856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy            69465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy             56108000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy            74645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   4167252000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 8110129000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                  93826                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34259288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   199843                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    21.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              380448832                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     2000091                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       4260094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.008110                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  8110129000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            445671                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     2000091                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       4260094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      518797                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      259180                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           173                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     2658065                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          8110118                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                    8110118                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              2591342                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1117181                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       322865                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       64973                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               3807430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      3807430                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             7383134                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            3023114                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      518555                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        777719                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     259164                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 51207      1.20%      1.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   3092266     72.59%     73.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     4004      0.09%     73.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.03%     73.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.06%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     73.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.48%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     74.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      3.51%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      2.93%     80.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.68%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     81.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.12%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.01%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     81.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.03%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     81.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   413982      9.72%     91.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  216012      5.07%     96.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      2.45%     98.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      1.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    4260140                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    99                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11813                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        18684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           30497                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11813                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        18684                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          30497                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4223                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4223                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6274                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252852000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    377097000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    377097000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        36771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        36771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.184354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.170624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.184354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.170624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60577.766943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59874.970400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60104.717883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60577.766943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59874.970400                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60104.717883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          503                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              503                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4223                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120143000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    244406000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    364549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120143000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    244406000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    364549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.184354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.184354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58577.766943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57874.970400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58104.717883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58577.766943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57874.970400                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58104.717883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1508                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11813                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        18684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          30497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4223                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6274                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    252852000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    377097000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        22907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        36771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147937                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.184354                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.170624                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60577.766943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59874.970400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60104.717883                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6274                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    244406000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    364549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147937                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.184354                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.170624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58577.766943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57874.970400                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58104.717883                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         8913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3399.001116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.681034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    23.792084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1360.251787                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2014.957245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.083023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.122983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.207459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5013                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4813                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.305969                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            52205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           52205                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          2636866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              2636866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         2636866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             2636866                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21199                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21199                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    494640000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494640000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    494640000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          2658065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         2658065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.007975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23333.176093                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23333.176093                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23333.176093                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23333.176093                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452242000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    452242000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452242000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    452242000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21333.176093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21333.176093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21333.176093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21333.176093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20943                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         2636866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             2636866                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    494640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    494640000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2658065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         2658065                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.007975                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23333.176093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23333.176093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452242000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452242000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21333.176093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21333.176093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.035933                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 1902386                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 90.836365                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.035933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.992328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          238                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               2679264                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              2679264                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6274                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        13051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        13051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  13051                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       433728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       433728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  433728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             8789000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           33449250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          131264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          270272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              401536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       131264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         131264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        32192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            32192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4223                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6274                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           16185193                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           33325241                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               49510433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      16185193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          16185193                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         3969357                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               3969357                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         3969357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          16185193                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          33325241                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              53479791                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       350.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2051.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4135.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004476722500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                14954                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 304                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6274                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         503                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6274                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       503                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    153                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                442                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                357                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       23.14                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      52866500                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    30930000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                168854000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       8546.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27296.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4243                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      263                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  68.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6274                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   503                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6183                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     208.119940                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    131.459828                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    252.305564                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127           934     46.68%     46.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          588     29.39%     76.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          167      8.35%     84.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           88      4.40%     88.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      2.05%     90.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      1.35%     92.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      1.95%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.75%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          102      5.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2001                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      286.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      89.456386                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     552.929737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      5.56%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.888889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.882601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.471405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      5.56%      5.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     94.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  395904                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    20608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   401536                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 32192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         48.82                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          2.54                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      49.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       3.97                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.38                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                     8106975000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1196248.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       131264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       264640                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        20608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 16185192.615308584645                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 32630800.323891270906                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 2541020.001038207673                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4223                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          503                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     55839000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    113015000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 107273566750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27225.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26761.78                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 213267528.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     68.94                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               5811960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3089130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             21405720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1164060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      639840240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy         944826300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        2318646720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          3934784130                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.169118                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6018195500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    270660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1821273500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy               8482320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               4504665                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             22762320                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              516780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      639840240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        1505214960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        1846740480                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          4028061765                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         496.670493                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4785865250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    270660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   3053603750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           741686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total               741686                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          747334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total              747334                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          27828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              27828                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         30597                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             30597                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    717171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    717171000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    795154000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    795154000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       769514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total           769514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       777931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total          777931                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.036163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.039331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25771.561018                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 25771.561018                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25987.972677                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 25987.972677                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           10692                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 10692                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        27828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         27828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        30597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    661517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    661517000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    733962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    733962000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.036163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23771.632888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23771.632888                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23988.038043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23988.038043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      30340                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          491262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              491262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             19118                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    396999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    396999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       510380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          510380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.037458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20765.718171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20765.718171                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        19118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    358765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    358765000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037458                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18765.822785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18765.822785                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         250424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             250424                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             8710                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    320172000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    320172000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       259134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         259134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.033612                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36759.127440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36759.127440                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         8710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         8710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    302752000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    302752000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033612                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 34759.127440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 34759.127440                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     77983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72445000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72445000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               251.322947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                  678715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 30340                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 22.370303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   251.322947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.981730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.981730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          145                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses                808527                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses               808527                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            7689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15024                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7335                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           7689                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15024                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13864                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         22908                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             36772                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            36772                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300375000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542197000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total    842572000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300375000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542197000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total    842572000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           51796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          51796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.709939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.709939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21665.825159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23668.456434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 22913.412379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21665.825159                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23668.456434                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 22913.412379                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           8913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 8913                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272647000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    496383000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    769030000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272647000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    496383000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    769030000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19665.825159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21668.543740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20913.466768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19665.825159                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21668.543740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20913.466768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     42555                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           7689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            36772                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300375000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    542197000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    842572000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        30597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          51796                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.709939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21665.825159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23668.456434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22913.412379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        22908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        36772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272647000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    496383000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    769030000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.653993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.748701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.709939                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19665.825159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21668.543740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20913.466768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10692                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              505.658906                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  61633                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                42555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.448314                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   105.234546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   133.568072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   266.856288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.205536                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.260875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.521204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.987615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               105555                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              105555                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                51796                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               51795                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         10692                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        71885                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42398                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  114283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      2642432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1356736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  3999168                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           105995000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            105256000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           152980000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   8110129000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                11738778000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 102032                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34259288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   213578                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    29.40                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              399225175                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     3000106                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       6280005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.011739                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11738778000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            672950                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     3000106                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       6280005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                      786660                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      425871                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           191                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     3915842                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         11738767                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   11738767                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              3586207                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             1677647                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       489509                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                       95327                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               5812202                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      5812202                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            11317218                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            4638970                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      786339                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1212194                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     425855                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 61291      0.98%      0.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   4662573     74.24%     75.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                     9058      0.14%     75.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.02%     75.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.04%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.32%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     75.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      2.38%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.99%     80.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.46%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.08%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.67% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.02%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   681766     10.86%     91.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  382703      6.09%     97.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.67%     99.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.69%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    6280060                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   101                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11841                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        29464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           41305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11841                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        29464                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          41305                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         4853                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          6904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         4853                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         6904                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295013000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    419258000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295013000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    419258000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        48209                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        48209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147639                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.141417                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.143210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147639                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.141417                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.143210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60577.766943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60789.820729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60726.825029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60577.766943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60789.820729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60726.825029                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          503                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              503                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         6904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4853                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         6904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120143000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285307000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    405450000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120143000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285307000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    405450000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.141417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.141417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58577.766943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58789.820729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58726.825029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58577.766943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58789.820729                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58726.825029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1635                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11841                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        29464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          41305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         4853                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         6904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    295013000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    419258000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        34317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        48209                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.141417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.143210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60577.766943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60789.820729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60726.825029                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    285307000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    405450000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.141417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.143210                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58577.766943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58789.820729                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58726.825029                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total         9792                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         3979.974794                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               4488                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             2.744954                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    23.856354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1451.968219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2504.150221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.088621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.152841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.242918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5516                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3418                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         1925                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.336670                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            65152                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           65152                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          3894609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              3894609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         3894609                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             3894609                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21233                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21233                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    495263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    495263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    495263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    495263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          3915842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         3915842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.005422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.005422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23325.154241                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23325.154241                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23325.154241                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23325.154241                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    452797000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    452797000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21325.154241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21325.154241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21325.154241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21325.154241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      20977                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         3894609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             3894609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    495263000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    495263000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      3915842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         3915842                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.005422                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23325.154241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23325.154241                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    452797000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    452797000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005422                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21325.154241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21325.154241                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.643059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2094950                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 20977                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                 99.868904                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.643059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.994699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          248                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               3937075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              3937075                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                6904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               6904                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        14311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        14311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  14311                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       474048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       474048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  474048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             9419000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           36873250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          131264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          310592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              441856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       131264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         131264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        32192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            32192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             4853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 6904                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst           11182084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           26458631                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               37640715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      11182084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total          11182084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2742364                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2742364                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2742364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst          11182084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          26458631                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              40383079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       350.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2051.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4765.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004476722500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                17146                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 304                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         6904                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         503                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       6904                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       503                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    153                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                518                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               241                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               297                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       24.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      62151000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    34080000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                189951000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9118.40                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 27868.40                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4409                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      263                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  64.69                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   6904                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   503                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     6813                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     185.301420                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    120.287485                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    232.581435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1232     49.98%     49.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          754     30.59%     80.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          167      6.77%     87.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           88      3.57%     90.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      1.66%     92.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      1.10%     93.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      1.58%     95.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.61%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          102      4.14%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2465                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      286.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      89.456386                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     552.929737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      5.56%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.888889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.882601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.471405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      5.56%      5.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     94.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  436224                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    20608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   441856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 32192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         37.16                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.76                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      37.64                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.30                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    11734216000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1584206.29                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       131264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       304960                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        20608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 11182083.859154675156                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 25978854.017002452165                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1755549.001778549748                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4853                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          503                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     55839000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    134112000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 107273566750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27225.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27634.87                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 213267528.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     65.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy               7090020                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               3764640                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             23140740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1164060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      926262480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        1396610010                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3331598400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          5689630350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         484.686766                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   8647151000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    391820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   2699807000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10517220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5590035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             25525500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              516780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      926262480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2191585590                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        2662145280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          5822142885                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         495.975210                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   6898838250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    391820000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4448119750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1164154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1164154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1169802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1169802                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          39905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              39905                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         42674                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             42674                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    984869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    984869000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1062852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1062852000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1204059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1204059                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1212476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1212476                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.033142                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.035196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24680.340809                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24680.340809                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24906.312977                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24906.312977                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           11906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 11906                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        39905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         39905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        42674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    905061000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    905061000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    977506000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    977506000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033142                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.035196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22680.390928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22680.390928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22906.359844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22906.359844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      42417                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          748061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total              748061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         30182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             30182                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    606045000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    606045000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       778243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total          778243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.038782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20079.683255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20079.683255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        30182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        30182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    545683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    545683000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18079.749520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18079.749520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         416093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             416093                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data         9723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total             9723                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378824000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    378824000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       425816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         425816                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.022834                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 38961.637355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 38961.637355                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         9723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total         9723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    359378000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    359378000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.022834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022834                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36961.637355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36961.637355                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     77983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72445000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72445000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               252.768701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1173886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 42417                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 27.674894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.768701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.987378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.987378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1255149                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1255149                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8356                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               15697                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7341                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8356                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              15697                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         34318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             48210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            48210                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300739000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731428000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1032167000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300739000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731428000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1032167000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           63907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          63907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.754377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.754377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21648.358768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21313.246693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 21409.811242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21648.358768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21313.246693                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 21409.811242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks           9792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                 9792                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272955000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    662794000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    935749000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272955000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    662794000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    935749000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19648.358768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19313.304971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19409.852728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19648.358768                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19313.304971                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19409.852728                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     54465                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7341                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              15697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            48210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300739000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    731428000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1032167000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        42674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          63907                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.754377                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21648.358768                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21313.246693                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21409.811242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13892                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        34318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        48210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    272955000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    662794000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    935749000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654265                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.804190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19648.358768                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19313.304971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19409.852728                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11906                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              507.619042                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  74745                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                54465                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.372349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   106.438304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    95.367505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   305.813232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.207887                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.186265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.597291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.991443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          255                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               130790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              130790                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                63907                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               63906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         11906                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        97253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  139719                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      3493056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1358912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  4851968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            123437000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                1.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           213365000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  11738778000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                15363182000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 107548                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34259288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   223154                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    37.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              413062267                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     4000037                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       8299833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.015363                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 15363182000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            900207                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     4000037                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       8299833                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1054468                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      592546                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           211                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     5173473                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         15363171                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   15363171                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              4581005                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2238104                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       656143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      125665                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               7816893                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      7816893                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            15251076                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            6254782                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1054070                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       1646600                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     592530                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 71378      0.86%      0.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   6232865     75.10%     75.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    14111      0.17%     76.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.02%     76.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.03%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.25%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.80%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.51%     79.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.35%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     80.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.06%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     80.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.02%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     80.16% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   949497     11.44%     91.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  549378      6.62%     98.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.26%     99.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    8299898                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   102                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        40210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           52071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11861                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        40210                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          52071                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         5484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          7535                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         5484                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         7535                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    337107000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    461352000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    337107000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    461352000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        59606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        59606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.126413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.126413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60577.766943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61471.006565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61227.869940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60577.766943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61471.006565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61227.869940                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          503                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              503                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         7535                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         7535                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120143000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326139000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    446282000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120143000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326139000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    446282000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58577.766943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59471.006565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59227.869940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58577.766943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59471.006565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59227.869940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1801                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        40210                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          52071                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         5484                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         7535                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    337107000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    461352000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        45694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        59606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147427                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.126413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60577.766943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61471.006565                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61227.869940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         5484                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7535                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326139000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    446282000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.120016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.126413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58577.766943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59471.006565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59227.869940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        10636                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4395.448226                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5681                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.154359                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    23.890242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1460.790013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  2910.767971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.089160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.177659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.268277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         5981                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1976                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         3831                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.365051                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            78024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           78024                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          5152214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              5152214                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         5152214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             5152214                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21259                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21259                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    495735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    495735000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    495735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    495735000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          5173473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         5173473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.004109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.004109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23318.829672                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23318.829672                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23318.829672                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23318.829672                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    453217000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    453217000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21318.829672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21318.829672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21318.829672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21318.829672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21003                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         5152214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             5152214                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    495735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    495735000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      5173473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         5173473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.004109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23318.829672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23318.829672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453217000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21318.829672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21318.829672                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               254.963181                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2341751                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21003                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                111.496024                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   254.963181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.995950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.995950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               5194732                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              5194732                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               7535                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        15573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        15573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  15573                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       514432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       514432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  514432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10050000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           40303250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          131264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          350976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              482240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       131264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         131264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        32192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            32192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             5484                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 7535                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            8544063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           22845267                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               31389331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       8544063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           8544063                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         2095399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               2095399                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         2095399                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           8544063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          22845267                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              33484730                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       350.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2051.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      5396.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004476722500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                19340                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 304                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         7535                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         503                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       7535                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       503                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    153                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                356                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                290                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               303                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.43                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      71315750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    37235000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                210947000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9576.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28326.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4574                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      263                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  61.42                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   7535                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   503                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     7444                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         2932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     169.582538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    113.113061                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    216.631009                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1534     52.32%     52.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255          919     31.34%     83.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          167      5.70%     89.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           88      3.00%     92.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      1.40%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      0.92%     94.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      1.33%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.51%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          102      3.48%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          2932                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      286.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      89.456386                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     552.929737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      5.56%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.888889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.882601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.471405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      5.56%      5.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     94.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  476608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    20608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   482240                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 32192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         31.02                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.34                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      31.39                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       2.10                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    15361382000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     1911095.05                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       131264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       345344                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        20608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 8544063.332713237032                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 22478676.617903765291                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1341388.782610269263                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         5484                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          503                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     55839000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    155108000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 107273566750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27225.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28283.73                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 213267528.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     62.04                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              10417260                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5536905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             27646080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1164060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1212684720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2473543500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        3816478080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          7547470605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         491.270012                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   9896840500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    512980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   4953361500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              10517220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               5590035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             25525500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              516780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1212684720.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        2243912730                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4009851360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          7508598345                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         488.739790                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  10402082250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    512980000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   4448119750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          1586816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              1586816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         1592464                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             1592464                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          51716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              51716                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         54485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             54485                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1248375000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1248375000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1326358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1326358000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      1638532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          1638532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      1646949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         1646949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.031562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.033082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24139.047877                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 24139.047877                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24343.544095                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 24343.544095                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           12858                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 12858                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         51716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        54485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1144945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1144945000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1217390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1217390000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031562                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.033082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22139.086550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22139.086550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 22343.580802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22343.580802                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      54228                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1004964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1004964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         41087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             41087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    812541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    812541000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1046051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1046051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19776.109232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19776.109232                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        41087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        41087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    730369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    730369000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17776.157909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17776.157909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         581852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             581852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        10629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            10629                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    435834000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    435834000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       592481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         592481                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.017940                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41004.233700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41004.233700                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        10629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        10629                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    414576000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    414576000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017940                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 39004.233700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39004.233700                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     77983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72445000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72445000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               253.531012                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 1532555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 54228                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 28.261323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   253.531012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.990356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           93                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               1701433                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              1701433                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            8790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           8790                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16137                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13912                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         45695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             59607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            59607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300999000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    920161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1221160000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300999000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    920161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1221160000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           75744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          75744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.786953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.786953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21635.925819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20137.017179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20486.855571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21635.925819                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20137.017179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20486.855571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          10636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                10636                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273175000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    828773000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101948000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273175000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    828773000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101948000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19635.925819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18137.060948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18486.889124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19635.925819                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18137.060948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18486.889124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     66296                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           8790                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            59607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    300999000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    920161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1221160000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        54485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          75744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.786953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21635.925819                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20137.017179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20486.855571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        45695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        59607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273175000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    828773000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101948000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.838671                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.786953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19635.925819                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18137.060948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18486.889124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12858                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              508.652576                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                  87583                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                66296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.321090                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    99.442460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    74.035971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   335.174144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.194224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.144602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.654637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          300                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               155410                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              155410                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                75744                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               75743                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         12858                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       121827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  164345                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      4309888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1360576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  5670464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106295000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            140034000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           272420000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  15363182000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                18988794000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 109977                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34259288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   226983                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    45.46                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              417658844                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     5000052                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10319744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.018989                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 18988794000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1127486                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     5000052                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      10319744                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1322331                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      759238                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           231                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     6431251                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         18988783                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   18988783                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              5575870                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             2798570                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       822787                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      156019                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               9821666                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      9821666                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            19185164                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            7870638                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1321854                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2081076                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     759222                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 81462      0.79%      0.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   7803172     75.61%     76.40% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    19165      0.19%     76.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     76.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.20%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     76.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.45%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.27% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.21%     79.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.28%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.05%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1217281     11.80%     91.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  716070      6.94%     98.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      1.01%     99.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   10319819                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   104                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11885                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        50912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           62797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11885                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        50912                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          62797                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8165                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6114                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8165                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124245000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378916000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    503161000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124245000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378916000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    503161000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        70962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        70962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.107214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.115062                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.107214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.115062                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60577.766943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61975.139025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61624.127373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60577.766943                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61975.139025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61624.127373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          503                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              503                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120143000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366688000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    486831000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120143000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366688000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    486831000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.107214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115062                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.107214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115062                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58577.766943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59975.139025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59624.127373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58577.766943                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59975.139025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59624.127373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  1894                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        50912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          62797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8165                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124245000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    378916000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    503161000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        57026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        70962                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147173                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.107214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.115062                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60577.766943                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61975.139025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61624.127373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120143000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    366688000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    486831000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.147173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.107214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.115062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58577.766943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 59975.139025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59624.127373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        11659                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         4751.068544                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               5964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             1894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.148891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    23.911199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1444.653489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3282.503857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.088175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.200348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.289982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         6518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           15                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         4780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.397827                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses            91033                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses           91033                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          6409958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              6409958                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         6409958                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             6409958                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21293                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21293                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    496343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    496343000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    496343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    496343000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          6431251                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         6431251                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.003311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.003311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23310.148875                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23310.148875                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23310.148875                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23310.148875                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21293                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21293                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    453757000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453757000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    453757000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21310.148875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21310.148875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21310.148875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21310.148875                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21037                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         6409958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             6409958                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21293                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    496343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    496343000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      6431251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         6431251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.003311                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23310.148875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23310.148875                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21293                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    453757000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453757000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21310.148875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21310.148875                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.161146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2534315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21037                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                120.469411                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.161146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.996723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.996723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               6452544                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              6452544                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8165                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        16833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        16833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  16833                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       554752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       554752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  554752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            10680000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           43724750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          131264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          391296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              522560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       131264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         131264                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        32192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            32192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2051                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8165                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            6912709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           20606680                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               27519389                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       6912709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           6912709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1695316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1695316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1695316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           6912709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          20606680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              29214704                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       350.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2051.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6026.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004476722500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                21530                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 304                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8165                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         503                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8165                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       503                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    153                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                428                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                387                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                473                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       25.92                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      80250750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    40385000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                231694500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                       9935.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 28685.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4739                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      263                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  58.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8165                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   503                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8074                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     158.266196                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    108.229428                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    203.599745                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          1833     53.98%     53.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1084     31.92%     85.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          167      4.92%     90.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           88      2.59%     93.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      1.21%     94.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      0.80%     95.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      1.15%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.44%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          102      3.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3396                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      286.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      89.456386                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     552.929737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      5.56%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.888889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.882601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.471405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      5.56%      5.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     94.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  516928                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    20608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   522560                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 32192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         27.22                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          1.09                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      27.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.70                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.22                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    18985623000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2190311.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       131264                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       385664                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        20608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 6912708.621727108955                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 20310083.936873506755                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 1085271.660748966038                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2051                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6114                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          503                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     55839000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    175855500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 107273566750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27225.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     28762.76                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 213267528.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     59.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11202660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               5954355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             28717080                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1164060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1498492320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2770220520                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        4958880000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy          9274630995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         488.426542                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12863886000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    633880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5491028000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              13051920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               6933465                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             28952700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              516780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1498492320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        3086148720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        4692835200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy          9326931105                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         491.180804                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  12169264000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    633880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   6185650000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2009465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2009465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2015113                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2015113                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          63612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              63612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         66381                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             66381                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1512695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1512695000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1590678000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1590678000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2073077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2073077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2081494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2081494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030685                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031891                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23780.025781                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23780.025781                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23962.850816                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23962.850816                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           14019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 14019                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         63612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1385473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1385473000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1457918000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1457918000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030685                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031891                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21780.057222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21780.057222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21962.880945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21962.880945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      66124                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1261920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1261920                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         51994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             51994                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1018913000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1018913000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1313914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1313914                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039572                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19596.741932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19596.741932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        51994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    914927000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    914927000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17596.780398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17596.780398                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         747545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             747545                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        11618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            11618                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    493782000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    493782000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       759163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         759163                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.015304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42501.463247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 42501.463247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        11618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        11618                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    470546000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470546000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015304                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 40501.463247                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 40501.463247                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     77983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72445000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72445000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.002427                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2048357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 66124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 30.977512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.002427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.992197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.992197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          178                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2147874                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2147874                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7357                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               16711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7357                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9354                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              16711                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13936                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         57027                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             70963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            70963                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301311000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1108026000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1409337000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301311000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1108026000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1409337000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           87674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          87674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.809396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.809396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21621.053387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19429.849019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19860.166566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21621.053387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19429.849019                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19860.166566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          11659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                11659                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273439000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    993974000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1267413000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273439000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    993974000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1267413000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19621.053387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17429.884090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17860.194749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19621.053387                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17429.884090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17860.194749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     78266                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              16711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            70963                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301311000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1108026000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1409337000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        66381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          87674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.809396                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21621.053387                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19429.849019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19860.166566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        57027                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        70963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273439000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    993974000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1267413000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654487                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.859086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.809396                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19621.053387                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17429.884090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17860.194749                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        14019                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.291714                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 100735                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                78266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.287085                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   102.084640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    60.975410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   346.231663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.199384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.119093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.676234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.994710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          188                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          299                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               180471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              180471                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                87674                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               87673                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         14019                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       146780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  189366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5145536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1362752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  6508288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106465000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            157769000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           331900000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  18988794000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                22616672000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 117970                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34259288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   242614                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    50.86                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              444671908                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     6000087                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      12339703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.022617                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22616672000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1354774                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     6000087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      12339703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1590195                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                      925931                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           249                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     7689054                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         22616661                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   22616661                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              6570770                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3359052                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       989437                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      186375                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              11826487                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     11826487                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            23119334                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            9486532                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1589640                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2515555                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     925915                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                 91545      0.74%      0.74% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                   9373524     75.96%     76.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    24219      0.20%     76.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     76.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.17%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.10% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.21%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.31% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      1.01%     79.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.23%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.04%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1485067     12.03%     91.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  882763      7.15%     98.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      0.85%     99.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.35%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   12339787                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   106                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11916                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        61718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           73634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11916                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        61718                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          73634                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2052                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         6744                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          8796                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2052                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         6744                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         8796                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124311000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421201000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    545512000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124311000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421201000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    545512000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        82430                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        82430                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146907                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.098507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.106709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146907                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.098507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.106709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60580.409357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62455.664294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62018.190086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60580.409357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62455.664294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62018.190086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          503                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              503                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         8796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2052                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6744                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         8796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407713000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    527920000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407713000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    527920000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.098507                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.098507                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58580.409357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60455.664294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60018.190086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58580.409357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60455.664294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60018.190086                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2022                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11916                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        61718                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          73634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2052                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         6744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         8796                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124311000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    421201000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    545512000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        68462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        82430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.098507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.106709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60580.409357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62455.664294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62018.190086                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         6744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    407713000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    527920000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146907                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.098507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.106709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58580.409357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60455.664294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60018.190086                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        12546                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5077.983506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs               6614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             2022                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs             3.271019                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    23.925443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1417.830836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3636.227226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.086538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.221938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.309936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          157                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5283                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.428528                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           104019                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          104019                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          7667721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              7667721                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         7667721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             7667721                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21333                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21333                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21333                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    497137000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    497137000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          7689054                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         7689054                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002774                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002774                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23303.660995                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23303.660995                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23303.660995                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23303.660995                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21333                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    454471000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    454471000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21303.660995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21303.660995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21303.660995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21303.660995                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21077                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         7667721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             7667721                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21333                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    497137000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7689054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         7689054                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002774                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23303.660995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23303.660995                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454471000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21303.660995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21303.660995                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.295704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 2890741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21077                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                137.151445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.295704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               7710387                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              7710387                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                8796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               8796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          503                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        18095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        18095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  18095                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       595136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       595136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  595136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11311000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           47151000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          131328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          431616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              562944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       131328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         131328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        32192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            32192                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2052                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             6744                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 8796                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 503                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5806690                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           19083975                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               24890665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5806690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5806690                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1423375                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1423375                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1423375                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5806690                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          19083975                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              26314039                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       350.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2052.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      6656.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004476722500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                23724                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 304                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         8796                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         503                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       8796                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       503                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    153                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                595                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                658                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               405                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               369                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      89676250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    43540000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                252951250                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10298.15                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29048.15                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      4901                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      263                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  56.28                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 75.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   8796                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   503                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     8705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         3865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     149.509961                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    104.538460                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    192.585484                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2140     55.37%     55.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1246     32.24%     87.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          167      4.32%     91.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           88      2.28%     94.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      1.06%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      0.70%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      1.01%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.39%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          102      2.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          3865                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      286.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      89.456386                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     552.929737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      5.56%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.888889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.882601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.471405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      5.56%      5.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     94.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  557312                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    20608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   562944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 32192                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         24.64                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.91                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      24.89                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.42                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.20                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    22612110000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2431671.15                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       131328                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       425984                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        20608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5806689.861355375499                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 18834955.027866169810                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 911186.225807227427                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2052                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         6744                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          503                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     55871500                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    197079750                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 107273566750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27227.83                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29222.98                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 213267528.33                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     57.01                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              11688180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               6208620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             29373960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1164060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      1784914560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        2973452310                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6180842400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         10987644090                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         485.820553                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  16038718250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    755040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   5822913750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              15915060                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8459055                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             32801160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              516780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      1784914560.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4025661480                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        5294771520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         11163039615                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         493.575696                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  13724730500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    755040000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8136901500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2432030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2432030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2437678                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2437678                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          75595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              75595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         78364                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             78364                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1779211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1779211000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1857194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1857194000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2507625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2507625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2516042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2516042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.030146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.031146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23536.093657                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23536.093657                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23699.581440                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23699.581440                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           15126                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 15126                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        75595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         75595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        78364                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1628023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1628023000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1700468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1700468000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21536.120114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21536.120114                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21699.606962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21699.606962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      78107                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1518736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1518736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         63042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             63042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1227815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1227815000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1581778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1581778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.039855                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19476.142889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19476.142889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        63042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        63042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1101733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1101733000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.039855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.039855                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17476.174614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17476.174614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data         913294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total             913294                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        12553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            12553                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    551396000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    551396000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       925847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total         925847                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.013558                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43925.436151                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 43925.436151                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        12553                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    526290000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    526290000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013558                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41925.436151                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41925.436151                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     77983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72445000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72445000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.322852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2429845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 78107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 31.109184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.322852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.993449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.993449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          143                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               2594405                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              2594405                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data            9901                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7365                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data           9901                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17266                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13968                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         68463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             82431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            82431                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1297719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1599510000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301791000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1297719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1599510000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total           99697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total          99697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.826815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.826815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21605.884880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18955.041409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19404.228992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21605.884880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18955.041409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19404.228992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          12546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                12546                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273855000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1160795000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1434650000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273855000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1160795000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1434650000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19605.884880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16955.070622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17404.253254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19605.884880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16955.070622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17404.253254                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                     90210                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data           9901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17266                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            82431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    301791000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1297719000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1599510000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        78364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total          99697                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.826815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21605.884880                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18955.041409                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19404.228992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        68463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    273855000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1160795000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1434650000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.873654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19605.884880                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16955.070622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17404.253254                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        15126                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              509.726142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 113780                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs                90210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.261279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks   101.429820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    52.106255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   356.190068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.198105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.101770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.695684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.995559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               205545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              205545                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq                99697                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp               99696                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         15126                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       171853                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42666                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  214519                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      5983296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1365312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  7348608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106665000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            175327000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           391815000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  22616672000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                26243825000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 122388                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                               34259288                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   251060                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                    57.20                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              458844104                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     7000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      14359482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.026244                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26243825000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                           1582034                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     7000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                      14359482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.dtb.rdAccesses                     1858003                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.rdMisses                           163                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrAccesses                     1092604                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.dtb.wrMisses                           269                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.itb.rdAccesses                           0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.rdMisses                             0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu.itb.wrAccesses                     8946663                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu.itb.wrMisses                           699                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                         26243825                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                   26243825                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7565587                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes             3919500                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts      1156075                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                 564267                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                        564267                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads               993231                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes              497897                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                      216715                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses              13831129                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                     13831129                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads            27053096                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes           11102293                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                     1857371                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                       2949959                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                    1092588                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                101632      0.71%      0.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                  10943770     76.21%     76.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                    29271      0.20%     77.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                      1380      0.01%     77.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                    2506      0.02%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     77.15% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                    20386      0.14%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     77.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                   149621      1.04%     78.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                       48      0.00%     78.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                   124956      0.87%     79.21% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                   28849      0.20%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     79.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                   5232      0.04%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                 268      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     79.44% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                1314      0.01%     79.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                 202      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                182      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     79.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                  1752798     12.21%     91.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                 1049436      7.31%     98.97% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead              104573      0.73%     99.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite              43152      0.30%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                   14359576                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                   108                       # Number of system calls
system.dynamic_cache.flushTicks                     0                       # Ticks taken to flush
system.dynamic_cache.numFlushes                     0                       # Number of Flushes Taken
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.inst        11938                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::.cpu.data        72567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.demand_hits::total           84505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.inst        11938                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::.cpu.data        72567                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.overall_hits::total          84505                       # number of overall hits
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         2053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::.cpu.data         7375                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.demand_misses::total          9428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         2053                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::.cpu.data         7375                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.overall_misses::total         9428                       # number of overall misses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124377000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    463196000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_miss_latency::total    587573000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124377000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    463196000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_miss_latency::total    587573000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_accesses::total        93933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.overall_accesses::total        93933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092254                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_miss_rate::total     0.100369                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092254                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_miss_rate::total     0.100369                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60583.049196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62806.237288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62322.125583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60583.049196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62806.237288                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62322.125583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_small.writebacks::.writebacks          504                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.writebacks::total              504                       # number of writebacks
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_misses::total         9428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2053                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7375                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_misses::total         9428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120271000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    448446000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    568717000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120271000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    448446000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    568717000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100369                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100369                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58583.049196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60806.237288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60322.125583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58583.049196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60806.237288                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60322.125583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.replacements                  2158                       # number of replacements
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst        11938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data        72567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_hits::total          84505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         2053                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         7375                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_misses::total         9428                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    124377000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    463196000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    587573000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_accesses::total        93933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146737                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.100369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 60583.049196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 62806.237288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62322.125583                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         2053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         9428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    120271000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    448446000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    568717000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.146737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.092254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.100369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58583.049196                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60806.237288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60322.125583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_hits::total        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        13481                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cache_small.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_small.tags.tagsinuse         5379.638884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_small.tags.total_refs             107414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.sampled_refs             9676                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.avg_refs            11.101075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_small.tags.warmup_cycle            76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    24.010567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst  1376.484367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  3979.143950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.001465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.084014                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.242868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_percent::total     0.328347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         7518                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          156                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1564                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5780                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cache_small.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.458862                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cache_small.tags.tag_accesses           117090                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_small.tags.data_accesses          117090                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_small.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst          8925302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.demand_hits::total              8925302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst         8925302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.overall_hits::total             8925302                       # number of overall hits
system.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          21361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.demand_misses::total              21361                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         21361                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.overall_misses::total             21361                       # number of overall misses
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    497715000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    497715000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_accesses::total          8946663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.overall_accesses::total         8946663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.002388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.002388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23300.173213                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23300.173213                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23300.173213                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23300.173213                       # average overall miss latency
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         21361                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total        21361                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454993000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    454993000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454993000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    454993000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21300.173213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21300.173213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21300.173213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21300.173213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.icache.replacements                      21105                       # number of replacements
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst         8925302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_hits::total             8925302                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         21361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             21361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    497715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    497715000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      8946663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total         8946663                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.002388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 23300.173213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 23300.173213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        21361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    454993000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454993000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21300.173213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21300.173213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.icache.tags.tagsinuse               255.393045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.icache.tags.total_refs                 8946663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.sampled_refs                 21361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.avg_refs                418.831656                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 82000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   255.393045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.997629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.997629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.icache.tags.tag_accesses               8968024                       # Number of tag accesses
system.icache.tags.data_accesses              8968024                       # Number of data accesses
system.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9428                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty          504                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port        19360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cache_small.mem_side::total        19360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  19360                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::system.mem_ctrl.port       635648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cache_small.mem_side::total       635648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  635648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy            11948000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           50583250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.inst          131392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::.cpu.data          472000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_read::total              603392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst       131392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_inst_read::total         131392                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::.writebacks        32256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bytes_written::total            32256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.inst             2053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::.cpu.data             7375                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_reads::total                 9428                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::.writebacks           504                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.num_writes::total                 504                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.inst            5006587                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::.cpu.data           17985183                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_read::total               22991770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       5006587                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_inst_read::total           5006587                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::.writebacks         1229089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_write::total               1229089                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.writebacks         1229089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.inst           5006587                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::.cpu.data          17985183                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.bw_total::total              24220860                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples       351.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      2053.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      7287.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMinLatency       0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.priorityMaxLatency       0.004476722500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrl.numReadWriteTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrl.numWriteReadTurnArounds            18                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrl.numStayReadState                25921                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrl.numStayWriteState                 304                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrl.readReqs                         9428                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.writeReqs                         504                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrl.readBursts                       9428                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.writeBursts                       504                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.servicedByWrQ                      88                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrl.mergedWrBursts                    153                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrl.neitherReadNorWriteReqs             0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::0                732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::1                716                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::2                484                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::3                604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::4                418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::5                529                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::6                517                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::7                601                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::8                694                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::9                785                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::10               533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::11               705                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::12               477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::13               523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::14               365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankRdBursts::15               657                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::0                 28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::1                 59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::2                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::3                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::4                  0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::5                  5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::6                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::7                  1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::8                  2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::9                 72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::10                 1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::11                93                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::12                 5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::13                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::14                13                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.perBankWrBursts::15                37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdQLen                        1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrQLen                       26.54                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrl.totQLat                      98759000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrl.totBusLat                    46700000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrl.totMemAccLat                273884000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.avgQLat                      10573.77                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgBusLat                     5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.avgMemAccLat                 29323.77                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrl.numRdRetry                          0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.numWrRetry                          0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHits                      5065                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHits                      263                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrl.readRowHitRate                  54.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrl.writeRowHitRate                 74.93                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::0                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::1                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::2                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::3                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::4                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::5                      0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.readPktSize::6                   9428                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::0                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::1                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::2                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::3                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::4                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::5                     0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.writePktSize::6                   504                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::0                     9337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::1                        3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::2                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::3                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::4                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::5                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::6                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::7                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::8                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::9                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::10                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::11                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::12                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::13                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::14                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::15                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::16                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::17                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::18                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::19                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::20                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::21                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::22                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::23                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::24                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::25                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::26                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::27                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::28                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::29                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::30                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.rdQLenPdf::31                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::0                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::1                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::2                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::3                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::4                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::5                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::6                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::7                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::8                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::9                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::10                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::11                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::12                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::13                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::14                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::15                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::16                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::17                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::18                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::19                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::20                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::21                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::22                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::23                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::24                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::25                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::26                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::27                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::28                      19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::29                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::30                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::31                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::32                      18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::33                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::34                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::35                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::36                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::37                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::38                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::39                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::40                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::41                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::42                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::43                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::44                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::45                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::46                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::47                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::48                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::49                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::50                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::51                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::52                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::53                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::54                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::55                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::56                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::57                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::58                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::59                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::60                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::61                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::62                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.wrQLenPdf::63                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::samples         4333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::mean     142.696515                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::gmean    101.777939                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::stdev    183.211646                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::0-127          2444     56.40%     56.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1410     32.54%     88.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::256-383          167      3.85%     92.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::384-511           88      2.03%     94.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::512-639           41      0.95%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::640-767           27      0.62%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      0.90%     97.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           15      0.35%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          102      2.35%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.bytesPerActivate::total          4333                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::mean      286.333333                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::gmean      89.456386                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     552.929737                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::0-127             12     66.67%     66.67% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            2     11.11%     77.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::384-511            1      5.56%     83.33% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::512-639            1      5.56%     88.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::768-895            1      5.56%     94.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::2176-2303            1      5.56%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.rdPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::samples           18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::mean       17.888889                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::gmean      17.882601                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       0.471405                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::16                 1      5.56%      5.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::18                17     94.44%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.wrPerTurnAround::total             18                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadDRAM                  597760                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadWrQ                     5632                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWritten                    20608                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrl.bytesReadSys                   603392                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.bytesWrittenSys                 32256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBW                         22.78                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBW                          0.79                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgRdBWSys                      22.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.avgWrBWSys                       1.23                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.peakBW                       12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrl.busUtil                          0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilRead                      0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrl.busUtilWrite                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrl.totGap                    26242560000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.avgGap                     2642223.12                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.inst       131392                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadBytes::.cpu.data       466368                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteBytes::.writebacks        20608                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.inst 5006587.263861117885                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadRate::.cpu.data 17770580.317465156317                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteRate::.writebacks 785251.387707394082                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         2053                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAccesses::.cpu.data         7375                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAccesses::.writebacks          504                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     55904000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    217980000                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 107273566750                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27230.39                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     29556.61                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.masterWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 212844378.47                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrl.pageHitRate                     54.98                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actEnergy              14994000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preEnergy               7965705                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.readEnergy             33836460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.writeEnergy             1164060                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.refreshEnergy      2071336800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actBackEnergy        4047772350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.preBackEnergy        6668978400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalEnergy         12846047775                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.averagePower         489.488395                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17296946250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::REF    876200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT   8070678750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actEnergy              15950760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preEnergy               8478030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.readEnergy             32851140                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.writeEnergy              516780                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.refreshEnergy      2071336800.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actBackEnergy        4088932620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.preBackEnergy        6634317120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy             0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalEnergy         12852383250                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.averagePower         489.729803                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.totalIdleTime                 0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::IDLE  17206653750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::REF    876200000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT   8160971250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.rank0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrl.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_medium.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_medium.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_medium.tags.tagsinuse                  0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_medium.tags.total_refs                 0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.sampled_refs               0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.avg_refs                 nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_medium.tags.warmup_cycle               0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_medium.tags.tag_accesses               0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.data_accesses              0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_medium.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data          2854507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.demand_hits::total              2854507                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data         2860155                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.overall_hits::total             2860155                       # number of overall hits
system.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          87589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.demand_misses::total              87589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data         90358                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.overall_misses::total             90358                       # number of overall misses
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2045791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2045791000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2123774000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2123774000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data      2942096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_accesses::total          2942096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data      2950513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.overall_accesses::total         2950513                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total        0.029771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total       0.030625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23356.711459                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23356.711459                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23503.995219                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 23503.995219                       # average overall miss latency
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.blocked::no_targets                   0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks           16196                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.writebacks::total                 16196                       # number of writebacks
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        87589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         87589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        90358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1870613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1870613000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1943058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1943058000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.030625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21356.711459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21356.711459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 21503.995219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21503.995219                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.dcache.replacements                      90102                       # number of replacements
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data         1775500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total             1775500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data         74086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total             74086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1436848000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1436848000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1849586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total         1849586                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total       0.040055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19394.325514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19394.325514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        74086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        74086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1288676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1288676000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.040055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17394.325514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17394.325514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data        1079007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total            1079007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        13503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            13503                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    608943000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    608943000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      1092510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        1092510                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total      0.012360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 45096.867363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45096.867363                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        13503                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    581937000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    581937000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 43096.867363                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 43096.867363                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total              5648                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total            2769                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     77983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_latency::total     77983000                       # number of SoftPFReq miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total          8417                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 28162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         2769                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     72445000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72445000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328977                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26162.874684                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.dcache.tags.tagsinuse               254.554650                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.dcache.tags.total_refs                 2950513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.sampled_refs                 90358                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.avg_refs                 32.653589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                173000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   254.554650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.994354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total        0.994354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.dcache.tags.tag_accesses               3040871                       # Number of tag accesses
system.dcache.tags.data_accesses              3040871                       # Number of data accesses
system.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cache_large.replacements                     0                       # number of replacements
system.cache_large.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cache_large.tags.tagsinuse                   0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cache_large.tags.total_refs                  0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.sampled_refs                0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.avg_refs                  nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cache_large.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cache_large.tags.tag_accesses                0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cache_large.tags.data_accesses               0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cache_large.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst            7370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::.cpu.data           10416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.demand_hits::total               17786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst           7370                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::.cpu.data          10416                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.overall_hits::total              17786                       # number of overall hits
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         13991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::.cpu.data         79942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.demand_misses::total             93933                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.overall_misses::total            93933                       # number of overall misses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    302154000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1487692000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total   1789846000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    302154000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1487692000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total   1789846000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_accesses::total          111719                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.overall_accesses::total         111719                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total       0.840797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total      0.840797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21596.311915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18609.641990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19054.496290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21596.311915                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18609.641990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19054.496290                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2cache.writebacks::.writebacks          13481                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.writebacks::total                13481                       # number of writebacks
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274172000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1327808000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1601980000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274172000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1327808000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1601980000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19596.311915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16609.641990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17054.496290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19596.311915                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16609.641990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17054.496290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.replacements                    102179                       # number of replacements
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst           7370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data          10416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_hits::total              17786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_misses::total            93933                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    302154000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1487692000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1789846000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst        21361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data        90358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses::total         111719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total      0.840797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 21596.311915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18609.641990                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19054.496290                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst        13991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        79942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        93933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    274172000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1327808000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1601980000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.654979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.884725                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.840797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 19596.311915                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16609.641990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17054.496290                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        16196                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2cache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse              510.040412                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2cache.tags.total_refs                 127915                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs               102691                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.avg_refs                 1.245630                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                78000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks    96.010064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst    45.585396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   368.444952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks     0.187520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.089034                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.719619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.996173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses               230606                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2cache.tags.data_accesses              230606                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2cache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadReq               111719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::ReadResp              111719                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.trans_dist::WritebackDirty         16196                       # Transaction distribution
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side       196912                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side        42722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_count::total                  239634                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.dcache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      6819456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size_system.icache.mem_side::system.l2cache.cpu_side      1367104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.pkt_size::total                  8186560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.occupancy           106805000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer1.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.occupancy            192699000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.reqLayer0.utilization                0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.occupancy           451790000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.l2bar.respLayer0.utilization               1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l2bar.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.interrupts.clk_domain.clock          16000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.numTransitions               1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  26243825000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
